Purdue University says students face 'close to zero lethal threat' from COVID-19 as the school plans to return to in-person classes in the fall. 	"Purdue University President Mitch Daniels, the former governor of Indiana, said in an April 21 letter he intends to open the West Lafayette, Indiana university for in-person classes in the fall, citing an almost “zero lethal threat” to young people from COVID-19.
“At least 80% of our population is made up of young people, say, 35 and under,” Daniels said of Purdue’s makeup. “All data to date tell us that the COVID-19 virus, while it transmits rapidly in this age group, poses close to zero lethal threat to them.”
Daniels said he estimated about 20% of the university’s population was over 35 years old and contained a “significant number of people with diabetes, asthma, hypertension, and other ailments.”
“We will consider new policies and practices that keep these groups separate, or minimize contact between them. Literally, our students pose a far greater danger to others than the virus poses to them,” Daniels said.
While senior adults and individuals with underlying health conditions are most at risk for the most serious symptoms and side effects of COVID-19, young people can still contract – and die – from the disease.
The World Health Organization in March warned young people that they weren’t invincible to the serious effects of COVID-19, and could be hospitalized and killed by the disease caused by the novel coronavirus. Last week, doctors in New York reported instances of strokes of large-vessel strokes experienced by young people with only mild symptoms of the virus.
Young people can also be asymptomatic carriers, spreading the virus without even realizing they have contracted the novel coronavirus. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease, said earlier in April “ somewhere between 25% and 50%” of people infected with the virus may never show symptoms or become sick – but can still transmit the illness to others.
Daniels said Purdue would consider the “pre-testing” of students and faculty before August and implementing a “robust testing system during the school year.” He also said people over the age of 35 and people who have health conditions that put them at risk could either be asked or ordered to work from home.
Classes could be spread across days and times to reduce their size, Daniels said, adding Purdue could adopt more online instruction for students living on campus.
He said the university expected “to be able to trace proximate and/or frequent contacts of those who test positive” and vulnerable people who had contact with an infected person would be ordered to self-quarantine for a two-week period.
Those who come in contact with an infected person but do not test positive for the virus would be monitored for symptoms as well.
“These concepts are preliminary, intended mainly to illustrate an overall, data-driven and research-based strategy, and to invite suggestions for their modification or exclusion in favor of better actions,” Daniels wrote.
The move comes as colleges and universities, who abruptly kicked students off of campus and moved instruction online earlier this year, grapple with their plans for the future as health experts warn a vaccine for COVID-19 might not arrive before 2022."
Purdue University says students face 'close to zero lethal threat' from COVID-19 as the school plans to return to in-person classes in the fall. 	"General view of the campus of Purdue University in October 2018 in West Lafayette, Indiana. Michael Hickey/Getty Images Purdue University President Mitch Daniels said last week that the school is planning to offer in-person courses in the fall. Daniels estimated 80% of the campus' population are under the age of 35 and claimed that COVID-19 posed ""zero lethal danger"" to those students. He offered a host of possible steps the university might take to prevent the spread of the virus, including the ""pre-testing"" of students and faculty before August and a ""robust testing system during the school year."" While young people do not typically suffer from the most severe side effects of COVID-19, they can still die from the disease and be carriers of it, posing danger to at-risk groups. Visit Insider's homepage for more stories . Purdue University President Mitch Daniels, the former governor of Indiana, said in an April 21 letter he intends to open the West Lafayette, Indiana university for in-person classes in the fall, citing an almost ""zero lethal threat"" to young people from COVID-19.
""At least 80% of our population is made up of young people, say, 35 and under,"" Daniels said of Purdue's makeup. ""All data to date tell us that the COVID-19 virus, while it transmits rapidly in this age group, poses close to zero lethal threat to them.""
Daniels said he estimated about 20% of the university's population was over 35 years old and contained a ""significant number of people with diabetes, asthma, hypertension, and other ailments.""
""We will consider new policies and practices that keep these groups separate, or minimize contact between them. Literally, our students pose a far greater danger to others than the virus poses to them,"" Daniels said.
While senior adults and individuals with underlying health conditions are most at risk for the most serious symptoms and side effects of COVID-19, young people can still contract — and die — from the disease.
The World Health Organization in March warned young people that they weren't invincible to the serious effects of COVID-19, and could be hospitalized and killed by the disease caused by the novel coronavirus . Last week, doctors in New York reported instances of strokes of large-vessel strokes experienced by young people with only mild symptoms of the virus.
Young people can also be asymptomatic carriers, spreading the virus without even realizing they have contracted the novel coronavirus. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease, said earlier in April "" somewhere between 25% and 50%"" of people infected with the virus may never show symptoms or become sick — but can still transmit the illness to others.
Daniels said Purdue would consider the ""pre-testing"" of students and faculty before August and implementing a ""robust testing system during the school year."" He also said people over the age of 35 and people who have health conditions that put them at risk could either be asked or ordered to work from home.
Classes could be spread across days and times to reduce their size, Daniels said, adding Purdue could adopt more online instruction for students living on campus.
He said the university expected ""to be able to trace proximate and/or frequent contacts of those who test positive"" and vulnerable people who had contact with an infected person would be ordered to self-quarantine for a two-week period.
Those who come in contact with an infected person but do not test positive for the virus would be monitored for symptoms as well.
""These concepts are preliminary, intended mainly to illustrate an overall, data-driven and research-based strategy, and to invite suggestions for their modification or exclusion in favor of better actions,"" Daniels wrote.
The move comes as colleges and universities, who abruptly kicked students off of campus and moved instruction online earlier this year, grapple with their plans for the future as health experts warn a vaccine for COVID-19 might not arrive before 2022.
Read the original article on Insider"
280 govt labs conducting Covid-19 tests, reporting to ICMR . 	The Indian Council of Medical Research on Sunday said that a total of 280 operational government laboratories in the country are conducting tests for Covid-19 and reporting to it. Out of the 280 labs, 233 are conducting Real Time-PCR, while 41 will do TrueNat tests, and the remaining six the CBNAAT tests. Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, and Karnataka have the highest number of government labs to test for the viral disease. Delhi’s All India Institute of Medical Sciences, the Lady Hardinge Medical College, the National Centre for Disease Control, the Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital, the Institute of Liver and Biliary Sciences, the Army Hospital Research and Referral, the Maulana Azad Medical College, and the Vardhman Mahavir Medical College and Safdarjung Hospital are conducting them. Besides this, ICMR also released a list of 90 private labs which will conduct the testing. Maharashtra, Delhi, Tamil Nadu, and Telangana will have the maximum number of laboratories. In Delhi, 11 such labs will conduct the test. Meanwhile, the total number of Covid-19 cases in the country mounted to 26,917 on Sunday evening, the Union Health Ministry said. Of the total cases, 20,177 are active cases, 5,913 people have recovered, and 826 people have succumbed to the disease. Maharashtra remained the worst-hit state with a total number of cases rising to 7,628, followed by Gujarat which reported 3,071 cases and Delhi which has reported 2,625 cases, according to the Health Ministry data. 
Covid-19: Backyard cinema lights up lockdown gloom for Berliners. 	"Covid-19: Backyard cinema lights up lockdown gloom for Berliners Posted on by admin
After weeks of coronavirus lockdown in the German capital Berlin with bars, restaurants, shops and cinemas all closed, movies are coming to the people with projections on bare walls in the courtyards of apartment buildings.
“We’ve got this blank wall here, and we’ve always thought, we should get a film up on there,” says Carola Lauter, who successfully applied to the Windowflicks organisation behind the backyard sessions.
The project backed by the local Yorck cinema group accepted her request to show Loving Vincent, a fully-painted feature film about the life of artist Vincent Van Gogh, and as dusk gathers people in the block settle in to enjoy the movie’s bright colours projected onto a neighbouring building.
“There’s a certain lethargy, fear, uncertainty you can feel around here,” says Lauter.
“After all these weeks people are feeling fragile, and I thought it would be good for them to have something positive, enlivening.”
In little clusters at balconies and windows, people sit around by candlelight with takeaway food or snacks brought by workers from a local popcorn maker.
“Since we haven’t been able to go to the cinema for weeks, the cinema is coming to us,” says building resident Undine Zeibig. “We think it’s a really good idea.”
“We just hope that lots of people donate too,” says her husband Uwe. “That will do some good for the artists, and they really need it desperately in these times.”

With ticket sales at zero, Berlin’s cinemas got together to launch an appeal for donations dubbed “Fortsetzung Folgt” (To Be Continued), aiming to raise over 700,000 euros ($755,000).
By Friday, over 100,000 euros had been pledged according to their fundraising website, with an average donation of more than 44 euros.
“We said to ourselves, people want to experience something, so let’s get them outside onto their balconies, into their windows,” says Olaf Karkhoff, who picked the name “Windowflicks” as a play on “the well-known streaming service”.
On top of recreating some neighbourhood sense of community, “we wanted to support the To Be Continued campaign,” Karkhoff adds.
And beyond simply showing films, the group has other ambitions, like “a concert, or several concerts, in 100 courtyards simultaneously,” Karkhoff says with a smile.
But his personal pet project is convincing (French travel writer) Sylvain Tesson to let us show his photo montages.
“We could shoot them up onto the wall with a classical music backing track.”
"
Work on Telugu films with Rs 600 Cr investment stalled due to COVID-19 lockdown. 	"Hyderabad, April 27 (): About 50 Telugu movies invarious stages of making with an investment of approximatelyRs 600 crore have been stalled due to the ongoing lockdown tocontain coronavirus spread, according to C Kalyan, Presidentof Telugu Film Producers Council.Chiranjeevi starrer 'Aacharya' and 'Baahubali'maker SS Rajamoulis 'RRR' are among the movies whoseproduction has been suspended in various stages.
Describing it as a big blow to the industry,senior producer and Ramanaidu Studios owner D Suresh saidthough all his films are insured to cover delay in production,he is not sure whether this pandemic would be accepted by theinsurance companies for staking any claim.
""We are not in a position to estimate the lossesto the Telugu film industry due to lockdown.
Because we have no clear picture as to when theproductions will be resumed, when the movies will be taken tomasses.
Currently, guessing the future of the film industryis million dollar questions,"" Kalyan told .
According to him, the Telugu film industry, knownas ""Tollywood"", makes nearly 200 movies every year and out ofwhich about seven per cent movies make good profit.
Kalyan said out of the 200 films, about 60 arebudgeted at Rs 3 crore and below and movies like Baahubali andRRR have changed the landscape of the industry.
""About 50 movies including 15 to 20 big ticketones are currently under various stages of production.
These movies have already seen investments to thetune of Rs 600 to Rs 700 crore.We do not know when theproduction would resume,"" he said.
Suresh anticipates the uncertainty would continuefor some more time even if the lockdown is lifted as it is notclear when the movie screens will be thrown open for thepublic.
""So it could be as good as the complete financialyear being washed off for the film calendar.The loss would bequite substantial,"" Suresh said.
As of now four of Suresh's movies are currentlyin various stages of production and three are ready to go onfloor.
He said though he has insurance coverage for hismovies he was not sure if the pandemic clause can beapplicable for loss caused due to the delay in production.
""We have never faced this kind of situation inthe past.We do not know how the insurance companies wouldreact if we make a claim,"" he added.
The ace producer said though banks have announceda three month moratorium on repayment of loans, it needs to beextended as it takes a longer period for the situation tobecome normal.
Veteran producer and directorTammareddyBharadwaj,who is regarded as the leaderof the semi-skilledand skilled workers of theindustry, said the situation maypush about eight thousand people of different skill sets whodepend on movie making to lose their livelihood.
""Situation is so fluid that nobody could guesswhat is going to happen post-lockdown.
At least 50 per cent of the 16,000 workforce of theTelugu film industry may have to look out for other jobs,""Bharadwaj said.
Pulagam Chinnarayana, a film critic, saidpost-lockdown, the industry may witness sea changes withimposition of restrictions at public places including movietheatres and at outdoor shoots resulting in loss of employmentfor many. GDK BNWELCOME BNWELCOME "
WOMAN SENTENCED TO WEEK IN JAIL FOR REFUSING TO APOLOGIZE FOR REOPENING SALON. 	"A Texas woman was sentenced to seven days in jail for refusing to apologize for reopening her hair salon in defiance of local lockdown orders.

During a hearing on Tuesday, Judge Eric Moyé demanded that Shelley Luther, owner of Salon a la Mode in Dallas, apologize and admit she was “selfish” for choosing to reopen her business, or go to jail instead. Luther refused to apologize, citing the fact she needs to feed her children as a reasonable defense for opening her salon.

“I have to disagree with you, sir, when you say that I’m selfish because feeding my kids is not selfish. I have hairstylists that are going hungry because they would rather feed their kids So sir, if you think the law is more important than kids getting fed, then please go ahead with your decision. But I am not going to shut the salon,” Luther said. After refusing to apologize, bailiffs led the woman away to be booked into jail. The seven-day sentence reportedly represents the seven days her salon was open despite the countywide order.

Luther must also pay a $7,000 fine."
Covid-19: Impact on the banking sector. 	"Blanket policies announced by the government, intended as relief measures, may do more harm than good. Shutterstock Published at : April 26, 2020 Updated at : April 27, 2020 07:18
In the last fiscal year, the financial sector contributed about 6.3 percent to Nepal’s gross domestic product (GDP). This contribution had more than doubled over a period of a decade. But with the onset of the global pandemic, the prospect of Nepal's financial sector looks fairly bleak as it is one of the most severely hit. The severity of the impact of the pandemic, however, will mostly depend on its duration, the government’s preparedness, and the efficacy of the health care system. Also, given the pervasiveness of spread of the virus across the globe, Nepal will not remain untouched by sharply reduced international flow of finances, along with other interactions, across economies.
The overarching uncertainty in every walk of national life as the world is completely gripped by the clutches of the pandemic, followed by a long lockdown announced by the government, has virtually halted all economic activities—in production, distribution and, to a great extent, consumption, too. During the last two weeks, cash withdrawal of about Rs5 billion from the banks and financial institutions (BFIs) signals diminished consumer confidence. At the same time, the emerging scenario of drastically reduced investment opportunities may soon result in excessive liquidity in the system. The potential extensive default on the repayment of loan and mortgage instalments pose the real risk of systemic failure. The government’s response to the crisis seems to have been announced without much homework done, and it has put the entire banking industry under additional duress.
At this critical juncture of existential crisis, the Nepali banking sector seriously needs to work on risk evaluation. Some risks are inevitable and require equally meticulous plans to take them head-on.
Operational risk
The disruption to normal life will continue for a long while. This will put some added pressure on BFIs; the logistics management in a new normal will be challenging enough, but there are also added costs to consider, such as for the procurement of protective and sanitising equipment. Further, staff absenteeism may increase—due to both psychological resistance and added family obligations. All of this will bring about additional challenges in human resources management as well.
Further, the cost for deposit mobilisation could increase substantially, since the government's development budget is unlikely to be spent as per guidance. Customers are likely to hold a more-than-normal amount of cash with them due to the uncertainty surrounding the future. On the other hand, due to reduced production and other economic activities, the demand for credit in lucrative investable projects could also plummet. All this will have obvious adverse effects on the financial health of the BFIs.
The Covid-19 pandemic may force the asset prices to decline, and it may place the balance sheet of many financial institutions under pressure for several fiscal years. Banks will operate at a higher degree of competition—to attract deposits as well as to find investable projects. This, in turn, will lead some financially vulnerable BFIs towards bankruptcy. The role of the regulator and the government policies in the days to come will be critical in saving the entire financial system from such predicament.
Currency risk
Nepal's currency risk is largely associated with the health of the Indian economy because the Nepali rupee is strictly pegged to the Indian currency. As the Indian rupee faces an almost 5 percent depreciation against the US dollar, and as India’s economy has been on a downturn, Nepal will feel the shock, too. Remittance inflow has been Nepal's main source of foreign currency earning for years now. But this is also in a declining trend, seeing a 0.5 percent reduction during the first seven months of the current fiscal year. Another key source of foreign currency earnings, the tourism sector, may take a very long time to resurrect. All this will reduce Nepal's reserves of foreign currencies, making it difficult for her to pay the ballooning import bills.
Financial institutions with hedge investments will experience swinging stresses as per the extent of the disruption by the impact of the novel coronavirus on the global economy. There are numerous big projects in which the bank and financial institutions have been invested. These will be infected by the high fluctuations on the exchange rate which will further hamper the profitability and repayment amount of loans in the banking sector.
Nepal's own management of the money market should be another key area of risk management. As both inflation or stagflation are unwanted ailments to the economy, policy measures alone, without actual injection of cash by the government, may have very little desired impact.
Cushions and measures
To mitigate these unwanted risks, at least some measures are inevitable—hopefully implemented sooner rather than later.
A major one will be effective communication. Senior executives with communication skill can mitigate market fears, minimise staff absenteeism and maintain a market presence, adding more value to customers. The banking industry now needs to coordinate across business functions, employee health, lending portfolio and recovery. It should focus on how to revive all services with strong internal and external communication strategies, along with a recovery plan. It should also focus on maintaining the reserves at healthy levels, enhancing the quality of service and modifying deposit and loan products as per the need of the times.
The client support system is the most pivotal aspect of addressing the present situation, where the business confidence of most entrepreneurs and borrowers has hit rock bottom. Borrowers need technical and cash-flow management support to sustain their business. Thus, banks should first establish the mechanism to interact with its loan customers to address their problems. Then, in consultation with their customers, they can reschedule the payment also in line with the relief packages announced by the government and Nepal Rastra Bank.
Finally, the government must come up with a workable stimulus and support package in consultation with the representative industry organisations, one being the Nepal Bankers’ Association. Many of the blanket policies announced by the government, like deferral on payments for all and sundry, including those who are capable and willing to pay, has put the BFIs in a very awkward situation. Any deferral in payment for banks is a cost augmentation. Therefore, the government can instead ascertain the relief needs of the pandemic-affected borrowers on an individual basis and provide support accordingly, instead of making generic policy statements which are eventually impossible to implement.
***
What do you think?
Dear reader, we’d like to hear from you. We regularly publish letters to the editor on contemporary issues or direct responses to something the Post has recently published. Please send your letters to with ""Letter to the Editor"" in the subject line. Please include your name, location, and a contact address so one of our editors can reach out to you .
Paudel is a branch manager at Prabhu Bank. Related News "
Drug-gene testing could give experts insight into COVID-19 treatment. 	"Print Thousands of clinical trials have launched in an effort to better understand the SARS-CoV-2 virus and in search of drugs to successfully treat the symptoms of infection. While these studies are ongoing, doctors are scrambling to make treatment decisions for severely ill COVID-19 patients based on limited, anecdotal evidence on safety and efficacy. This uncertainty is prompting some questions about whether pharmacogenetics may be useful in helping guide treatment decisions, perhaps by identifying those who might respond particularly well to a drug, or alternatively, by flagging patients who may be at risk for life-threatening adverse events because of genetic factors or other drugs they might be taking. Specifically, since some of the most talked about and controversial drugs being tried for COVID-19 carry the risk of arrhythmias and sudden death, experts believe there may be a role for PGx testing in identifying patients who are already genetically predisposed to such adverse events with drugs they're taking. Knowing this information in advance, they said, could help physicians make more informed treatment choices. For experimental COVID-19 treatment modalities where there may not be clear evidence of a drug/gene interaction, experts hope that the ongoing drug studies in which researchers are exploring the role of biomarkers will yield more definitive data. Ultimately, however, the real utility of PGx testing may not be in helping guide treatments for COVID-19, some predict, but as a supportive tool during the mental health pandemic that will follow. Managing risks Houda Hachad, CSO of precision medicine developer Translational Software, said there's the potential that PGx testing could help avoid drug-drug-gene interactions with hydroxychloroquine, which is currently approved to treat malaria, rheumatoid arthritis, and lupus. This drug, however, is known to cause arrhythmias in patients with existing cardiovascular disease, who also happen to be at increased risk for COVID-19. This week, a panel of experts convened by the National Institutes of Allergy and Infectious Diseases recommended that doctors not prescribe hydroxychloroquine together with the antibiotic azithromycin — a combination promoted by President Donald Trump — because of the risk of sudden cardiac death and QTc prolongation, a heart rhythm disorder that can potentially cause fast, chaotic heartbeats. The American Heart Association, American College of Cardiology, and Heart Rhythm Society have cautioned the same. The expert groups recommend closely monitoring the heart rhythms of patients on these drugs, and if possible, avoiding other QTc prolonging therapies. Hachad noted that when patients are evaluated for the risk for QTc prolongation, physicians use a scoring system that factors in the QTc prolonging drugs they're already taking. PGx testing can be helpful in this context, by identifying individuals with certain CYP2C19 and CYP2D6 genotypes that place them at increased risk for cardiac events if they are already on a long list of frequently prescribed drugs. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration lists several of the drugs that carry the risk of QTc prolongation in its recently published ""Table of Pharmacogenetic Associations."" According to this table, individuals who are CYP2C19 poor metabolizers are at greater risk than normal metabolizers for QTc prolongation if they are receiving the antidepressant citalopram. Based on expert guidelines and FDA prescribing label information, CYP2C19 poor metabolizers should receive a lower dose of the drug. Citalopram was the 26th most prescribed drug in the U.S., with more than 24 million scripts written in 2017. If a patient who metabolizes CYP2C19 poorly was on citalopram and also received hydroxychloroquine, it could compound their risk for life-threatening arrhythmias. According to Hachad, there are numerous other examples like this where PGx information can help doctors more accurately gauge patients' cumulative risk for QT prolongation when considering whether to treat a COVID-19 patient with a drug combination like hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin. An app to inform the public In the process of writing a review on drugs that are currently being tried for COVID-19, pharmacogenetics expert Howard McLeod noted that there was no place for the general public to input the drugs they are on and educate themselves about the potential drug/gene, drug/drug, or drug/disease interactions they may be at risk for if they became infected with the virus and had to go on an experimental therapy. Meanwhile, demand for hydroxychloroquine has surged despite a lack of evidence supporting its use in COVID-19 patients outside of clinical trials. Amid the hype and politics around this drug, one of McLeod's colleagues was wondering whether to use hydroxychloroquine as prophylaxis and entered the drug into a medication management app called Pharmazam. It revealed that since he was already on an antifungal fluconazole, he would be at risk for long QT syndrome if he took hydroxychloroquine. In terms of the PGx interactions the app may flag that may be of interest in the context of the pandemic, Taimour Langaee CSO of biotech firm Pharmazam highlighted that polymorphisms in ABCC1 and SLCO1B1 transporters, and G6PD, are known to cause adverse effects from hydroxychloroquine. Additionally, with antiviral drugs, such as ritonavir and lopinavir, which are also being tried for COVID-19, there are transporters, as well as CYP450 and glucuronidation variants, that may impact response. Using pharmacogenetics to guide treatment choice, on the other hand, has had a hard slog in terms of gaining acceptance in mainstream medical circles. Many doctors have resisted incorporating information from PGx testing into their day-to-day workflows, except in very limited circumstances where there is a risk of a life-threatening adverse event. There is still differing views in medical circles regarding the utility of PGx testing to dose warfarin or clopidogrel, despite guidelines and FDA labeling supporting testing. Physician reluctance continues to be an issue in the adoption of PGx testing, McLeod acknowledged, adding that ""the healthcare system needs to be ready in order to get the full benefits of this sort of application."" Additionally, while doctors are trying to treat patients in an emergent crisis, pharmacogenetics may not be top of mind, and likely to be ignored when there is unclear messaging from health regulators about when to test patients for PGx variants that may be at issue with experimental COVID-19 drugs. For example, the FDA-approved labels for hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine state that these drugs should be prescribed with caution in patients with G6PD deficiency, since they may be at increased risk for hemolytic anemia — where the body breaks down red blood cells faster than it can replenish them. However, the FDA labels don't explicitly recommend PGx testing. Similarly, when the FDA put out a fact sheet for healthcare providers about the emergency use authorization of hydroxychloroquine, the agency noted that hemolytic anemia has been seen in G6PD-deficient patients, but again, doesn't provide any guidance on testing. Advancing research ""There does seem to be some mixed messaging about G6PD"" deficiency and hydroxychloroquine, noted Michelle Whirl-Carrillo, director of PharmGKB, an online knowledgebase of expertly curated information on the role of genetic variants on drug response. PharmGKB recently launched an online COVID-19 resource to help identify drug-drug interactions. The webpage lists the drugs involved in COVID-19 trials and which of those have PGx information within PharmGKB, and notes the drugs associated with long QT syndrome. There is also a listing of genes implicated in drug adverse events and metabolism, as well as the genes involved in allowing SARS-CoV-2 viral cell entry and infection. The bolus of drug and genomics research occurring during the pandemic is an opportunity to assess whether there is a role for genetics in personalizing COVID-19 treatment. Teri Klein, a principal investigator for PharmGKB, estimated there are more than 6,000 COVID-19 related peer-reviewed papers that have been published in the couple of months since the pandemic started. ""In the next month or so, we really will have a much better understanding of a number of these drugs,"" Klein said, noting that many of the experimental drug studies have rapidly enrolled and are expecting readouts on efficacy and safety relatively quickly. ""In clinical trials, often you have a hard time getting a cohort,"" she said. ""Unfortunately, given the circumstances, we don't have difficulty getting people to sign up for these experimental treatments."" Within Pharmazam's COVID19 PGx Project, experts are hoping to learn more about the pharmacogenetics of drugs being tried for COVID-19 and exploring the genetic factors that might make an individual more susceptible to infection and to experiencing severe symptoms. Particularly of interest within the project are ACE2 and TMPRSS2, genes that play role in allowing the SARS-CoV-2 virus to enter a cell and infect it. Other research teams are also studying these genes and have already identified certain ACE2 polymorphisms that appear to make patients more susceptible to SARS-CoV-2 infection. Kristine Ashcraft, former CEO of YouScript, a medication management decision support tool provider, believes that the broader value proposition for PGx as a tool to keep patients out of the emergency room and hospitals is particularly relevant during this pandemic. Studies show patients who get genetic testing are less likely to end up in the emergency room or hospital for a serious adverse event. Managing the mental health pandemic While researchers are working to advance drugs to treat COVID-19 and vaccines to give people immunity against the virus, the mental health impact of the pandemic will also have to be managed. This is where PGx testing may be most useful, experts in the field said. ""It is worthwhile to consider not just the utility of PGx in preventing hospitalization or changing the course of COVID-19 care,"" but also the impact it could have on managing ""the burden on the patients that do survive a COVID-19 infection … [and] those that are suffering from the isolation of social distancing, as well as the financial hardships,"" said David Thacker, a clinical pharmacogenetics content specialist at Translational Software. According to a recent JAMA editorial, during the SARS outbreak in 2003, there was a greater incidence of post-traumatic stress syndrome and psychological distress among patients and doctors. In communities impacted by Hurricane Ike in 2008, around 5% of individuals met the criteria for major depressive disorder, while one in 10 adults in New York City had symptoms of the disorder after 9/11. ""In the context of the COVID-19 pandemic, it appears likely that there will be substantial increases in anxiety and depression, substance use, loneliness, and domestic violence; and with schools closed, there is a very real possibility of an epidemic of child abuse,"" wrote Sandro Galea from Boston University School of Public Health, Raina Merchant from the Perelman School of Medicine, and Nicole Lurie from the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations in Norway. A survey in March by the American Psychiatric Association found that more than a third of polled individuals said that the pandemic was seriously impacting their mental health, nearly half said they were scared about getting the virus, and 62% said they feared a loved one would get it. Meanwhile, calls to substance abuse and mental health help lines increased eightfold from February to March. As the pandemic continues, people may increasingly turn to medications to deal with the psychological wounds left by the pandemic. Drugs to treat mental health conditions, including major depressive disorder, are some of the most widely prescribed drugs in the U.S., but they're also highly variable and associated with unwanted side effects. As such, one of the main areas where PGx testing has seen uptake is for personalizing psychiatry drugs. Myriad Genetics recently published a meta-analysis involving more than 1,500 patients with major depressive disorder who were enrolled in four studies, which showed that patients who received treatment based on PGx information had significantly better outcomes than those who did not. Although PGx testing in psychiatry is not without its naysayers, doctors may reach for such testing if the use of mental health drugs increases during or after the pandemic. Genomind, a mental health-focused PGx testing company, recently took a number of steps to make it easier for physicians to deliver psychiatric care during the pandemic. Doctors can order Genomind's PGx test and send a saliva collection kit to patient's homes, which can then be mailed to the lab for analysis. Through Genomind, doctors also have access to Sharecare's HIPAA-compliant telemedicine platform for free until September, which they can use to remotely see patients and discuss PGx test results, if ordered. ""The utility of PGx during the COVID-19 crisis is more important than ever,"" a spokesperson for the company said. ""This service is helping enable critical mental health treatment during the pandemic and Genomind is doing its best to enable as many mental health professionals as possible."""
Trumpian Reciprocity in the Era of Covid-19 Views. 	"In the trumpeyed view of the world, it’s OK for the United States to send people infected with Covid-19 into other countries, but it’s not OK for people from foreign countries to enter the United States with that same infection.
by Christopher Brauchli 0 Comments People wear face masks as a preventive measure against the spread of the new coronavirus, COVID-19, in Guatemala City, on March 16, 2020. (Photo: Johan Ordonez/AFP via Getty Images)
“What’s sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.” — A Proverb
Here is this week’s question. What do they call us in Guatemala? Hint: It has something to do with China. Here is something else that has to do with China.
On April 18, 2020, during the trump’s daily maunderings through the forest of his ignorance, he indulged his ambivalence towards the country presided over by his good friend, President Xi Jinping, going down the self-congratulatory path which is the only path he follows during these outings. Addressing Covid-19, and its entry into the United States, he reminded those in attendance that he “cut off China very early. And if I didn’t we would have a chart that you wouldn’t believe. . . .How would I know to do that? . . .People knew that some bad things were going on, and they got off to a late start. . . . but we cut off China. If we didn’t cut off China, we would have been in some big trouble. And we cut it off.”
That was, of course, not the trump’s first self-admiring description of his actions. It was one of his daily dozens. On March 25 he proudly proclaimed that: “We’re the ones that gave the great response, and we’re the ones that kept China out of here. And if I didn’t do it, you’d have thousands and thousands of people who’ve died-that are now living and happy.” That was the trump version. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, on January 21 it announced the first travel related case of the virus in the United States. It took the trump 10 days to impose limits on travel from China into the United States.
Enhancing the blame-game of which the trump is clearly the all-time champion, in his self-promotional appearance on April 18th he gave vent to the idea that perhaps China intentionally caused the outbreak of the virus saying: “Let’s see what happens with their investigation. But we’re doing investigations also. If it was a mistake, a mistake is a mistake. But if they were knowingly responsible, yeah, then there should be consequences.” Continuing his rambling he said: “Our relationship with China was good until they did this. The question was asked, ‘would you be angry at China?’ Well the answer might very well be a very resounding yes, but it depends: was it a mistake that got out of control, or was it done deliberately? There’s a big difference between those two.” The trump got that right. Ask Alejandro Giammattei. He is the president of Guatemala. Guatemala has been the beneficiary of the trump policies.
According to a report in the New York Times on April 19, 2020, the trumpsters have been engaged in aggressive immigration enforcement, deporting thousands to their home countries. Among those being deported were many infected with Covid-19. On April 20 it was reported that among the illegal immigrants being deported who were infected with Covid-19, were a number who had been sent back to Guatemala.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT
 But your generosity is crucial to our survival.
On April 13, 44 migrants on a flight from Brownsville Texas to Guatemala tested positive for the virus. On another trumpload of migrants flown into Guatemala from Trumpville, 12 individuals were affected with the virus. On another flight 75% of the passengers were infected.
The United States imposes restrictions on people entering the United States to insure that they are not infected with Covid-19. It does not impose the same restrictions on those it is deporting from the United States into other countries. In the trumpeyed view of the world, it’s OK for the United States to send people infected with Covid-19 into other countries, but it’s not OK for people from foreign countries to enter the United States with that same infection.
Before the trumpian sponsored influx of infected people into that country, Guatemala was already struggling with the effects of Covid-19. As of April 17 there were 235 confirmed cases of Covid-19 in the country, and 35 deaths were related to the virus. Ten per cent of the confirmed cases were persons seeking refuge in the United States who had been sent back to Guatemala by the trump.
In a speech on April 17th, President Giammattei adopted the approach taken by the trump with respect to planes arriving in the United States from China. He said no more deportation flights would be allowed to enter Guatemala until the United States could offer assurances that the passengers on the flights were free of the coronavirus.
Herewith the answer to the question posed at the beginning of this column. The question was: “What do they call us in Guatemala?” Here is the answer: Guatemala’s Health Minister refers to the United States as the “Wuhan of the Americas.” He got that right."
COVID-19 pandemic costing Ohio colleges millions. 	"The coronavirus pandemic has cost Ohio’s colleges hundreds of millions of dollars already. As uncertainty looms about fall semester, many colleges are exploring budget reductions and personnel cuts.
As uncertainty over fall semesters looms, the coronavirus pandemic already has cost Ohio colleges hundreds of millions of dollars, sparking conversations about hiring freezes, possible furloughs and other budget reduction measures.
The COVID-19 crisis has cost Ohio’s 14 public universities between $290 million and $310 million this fiscal year, said Bruce Johnson, president of the Inter-University Council of Ohio, an association of the state’s public universities. That includes a combined $171 million in refunds to students, primarily for room and board costs and some fees. Ramping up of online learning has also accounted for costs.
Colleges and universities are still considering what these financial ramifications will mean for them and how they might respond.

“They’re looking at paring down their staffs first, to respond to what we think is a pretty traumatic new normal,” Johnson said.
There is also lost revenue for such things as renting out campus space for conferences and summer camps, he said.
Ohio State University’s housing, dining and recreational fee refunds totaled more than $35 million, and the university expects continued volatility related to investment returns, Michael Papadakis, senior vice president of business and finance and chief financial officer at OSU, said in a written statement.
For the next fiscal year, Ohio State has asked all colleges and units to prepare three budget scenarios: assuming 5%, 10% and 20% reductions in spending.
“We must prepare for fiscal 2021 based on the possibility of ongoing disruptions while continuing to focus on the university’s core academic mission and placing Ohio State in the best possible position for a future in which the virus is contained,“ Papadakis said.
Ohio State has already enacted a hiring freeze, which is expected to save $4 million to $6 million through June 30, and paused certain salary increases, which could save the university $5 million to $10 million. OSU also has paused a number of capital projects.
As the university envisions various budget scenarios, the OSU chapter of American Association of University Professors called last week for transparency in financial planning, with a focus on teaching and research. Members also asked that budget decisions prioritize people such as adjunct faculty and graduate students who aren’t protected by tenure.
“The most vulnerable shouldn’t pay for the budget crisis,” said Pranav Jani, an AAUP board member and an associate professor of English.
Meanwhile, the University of Cincinnati announced earlier this month hiring and salary freezes, spending cuts and pay cuts to the university’s leadership team.
And last week, University of Akron President Gary Miller asked the athletics department and all non-academic administrative divisions to present plans for reducing expenditures by 20%. He also asked university leaders to present a plan to reorganize the academic division and reduce the number of colleges and programs.
Private colleges are also game-planning for financial struggles. Urbana University announced last week that it will close after this semester, due to ongoing enrollment challenges and the effects of the coronavirus pandemic.
C. Todd Jones, president of the Association of Independent Colleges and Universities of Ohio, doesn’t expect more Ohio private colleges to close in the short term, but he said hiring freezes are already in place at many, and other cuts are likely coming.
“As this continues, colleges are having to look at potential furloughs because when you look at what does college cost, colleges costs are driven by people,” Jones said.
Ohio Wesleyan University is projecting a $2.9 million deficit for this fiscal year ending June 30 and had already forecast another $7.5 million deficit for 2020-2021, thanks in part to construction debt, OWU spokesman Cole Hatcher said in a written statement. But because of the pandemic, next year’s projected deficit has increased to a worst-case scenario of $11 million to $12 million.
The private liberal arts college in Delaware, Ohio, already was reviewing ways to cut costs, Hatcher said. Those efforts will continue through the fall and could result in consolidating work, updating technology, and some job cuts and early retirement options, he said.
Federal relief arrives, but state cuts loom
The federal Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act passed last month included billions in aid for higher education. Ohio institutions received a combined $388 million among its public and private colleges, community colleges, career academies, technical schools, adult education centers and cosmetology schools.
Half of the funds must go to students through emergency grants, while universities may use the other half to cover costs associated with the coronavirus.
For Ohio’s public colleges, the federal aid totaled nearly $200 million, with $100 million going to students for emergency relief. The other nearly $100 million doesn’t cover the full losses that public universities have suffered due to the pandemic, Johnson said.
As the federal aid comes in, Ohio colleges are bracing for cuts at the state level. Gov. Mike DeWine has asked state agencies to prepare to make cuts of up to 20% as state tax revenues fall due to lost jobs and closed businesses.
DeWine has not yet announced details about possible cuts, but Johnson said public colleges are concerned about cuts to the State Share of Instruction, Ohio’s primary mechanism for subsidizing instructional costs.
“We’d be extremely concerned if we lost the already $290 million and then on top of that, the state were forced to cut higher education,” Johnson said.
Private colleges, meanwhile, don’t receive that direct state support, but they worry about state cuts to need-based financial aid for students, such as the Ohio College Opportunity Grant, which recently saw an increase in funding.
What’s to come
The future is murky as colleges try to plan for autumn.
“I would call it apprehensive,” Jones said of the outlook for fall semesters. “Because our colleges do not know what’s going to transpire, and yet they need to be prepared for a variety of different scenarios of what could happen.”
Currently, the state’s public universities are planning for students and faculty to be back on campus come fall, but they are also planning for other outcomes, Johnson said.
Ohio State’s AAUP asked the university for “timely notice” of changes for the fall term.
“It’s not possible to know too much in advance, but to have a couple or three game plans that might play out” would be helpful, said AAUP board member and OSU associate professor of English Jill Galvan, noting that faculty, staff and students should be involved in the decision-making.
There’s no set timeline or date by which public colleges plan to make a decision about the fall, Johnson said, and each university will handle decisions on its own.
“We certainly want to give parents and students good information in May,” he said. “That’s our goal.""
If students aren’t back on campus this fall, private universities will struggle, Jones said.
“If this pandemic continues and colleges are not able to reopen their dorms and resume some semblance of normal enrollment this fall, that could endanger a number of campuses,” he said.
"
UK seeing definite downward trend in people in hospital with Covid-19 -medical director. 	" A new study has found being isolated can produce a wide range of psychological effects.
Britain is now seeing a very definite downward trend in the number of people who are in hospital with the new coronavirus, the national medical director of England's health service said on Sunday.
""We now have a very definite trend in reduced number of people in hospitals. That is most marked in London but you can also see that in the Midlands and the beginnings of that in other areas of the UK,"" National Medical Director of NHS England Stephen Powis told a news conference.
""That is definitely showing that our compliance with social distancing is proving to be beneficial, it is reducing the transmission and spread of the virus.""
"
Biolidics unlikely to be affected by allegations against Covid-19 test kit distributor, say directors,. 	"The Singapore Exchange (SGX) has queried Catalist-listed Biolidics over its appointment of a scandal-hit company as an exclusive distributor for rapid Covid-19 antibody test kits.
But the company's board of directors replied in a filing on Sunday night (April 26) that it does not expect a material impact on its business plans from its agreement with Nasdaq-listed Aytu Bioscience .
""The company will continue to monitor publicly available information on Aytu and will take appropriate steps to mitigate any potential negative financial impact on Biolidics arising from such developments,"" it said, without going into details on what these steps are.
Biolidics, a cancer diagnostics firm, was asked how it came to pick Denver-based Aytu to distribute its rapid test kits for novel coronavirus antibodies last week.
The SGX also asked what the financial impact could be to Biolidics from ongoing probes into claims that Aytu supplied healthcare providers with coronavirus tests from unapproved Chinese manufacturers and may have breached United States securities laws.
Biolidics said that it was introduced to Aytu by a Denver-based business associate in end-March and was aware of media reporting on the alleged distribution of unauthorised test kits.
Still, it went ahead with its distributorship agreement on April 23 because it believed, after carrying out due diligence such as an assessment of Aytu's financial standing and track record, that the company would be a suitable distributor for its own coronavirus test kits.
Biolidics said that it has not verified the claims or sought legal advice in the United States, but added law firms' probes of Aytu ""may be considered 'attorney advertising'"" under US rules.
""While the company is not privy to the grounds of investigation of potential claims on behalf of purchasers of Aytu against Aytu, the company believes that it would not be impacted by news on such investigation,"" said Biolidics.
It noted that it can appoint another distributor if a contractual minimum purchase quantity is not met, or immediately terminate the agreement if terms are breached by Aytu or sub-distributors.
Separately, the board told the Securities Investors Association (Singapore), or Sias, that an executive's remark about commissioning some two million test kits in two months ""was referring to the intended build-up in inventory in anticipation of orders for the test kits and not firm orders"".
Related Story Biolidics inks US distribution deal for its Covid-19 test kits Related Story Shares of Covid-19 test maker Biolidics soar 54.6%, triggers SGX query Related Story Biolidics' Covid-19 rapid test kit allowed to be marketed, sold in US ""As such, the company would like to clarify that the statement should not be interpreted as a projection by management,"" Biolidics added.
""The decision on the order volume by the company in the next two months will be dependent on the sales volume as well as availability of capital and human resources.""
To another question from Sias, on how Biolidics adds value to test kits that are made by a Chinese supplier in Nanjing, the company said that ""such information is commercially sensitive"".
""The disclosure of such information may negatively impact the competitive strength of the company,"" it asserted, while clarifying that the test kits do not make use of Biolidics' patented technology to extract tumour cells from small amounts of blood.
Biolidics reiterated to shareholders that it ""is actively developing the market for the test kits"" in Singapore, the Philippines, the European Union and the US, and seeking regulatory approval elsewhere, although it also specified that it has not submitted any application to Indonesia.
Biolidics shares saw rapid price swings last week after the announcement of the agreement with Aytu, which it said will likely contribute positively to its revenue for the year to Dec 31.
The counter last shed $0.045, or 9.09 per cent, to $0.45 last Friday."
11-year-old girl in serious condition with COVID-19. 	"An 11-year-old girl with the novel coronavirus was put on a ventilator Sunday, making her the youngest person in Israel in serious condition with the disease.
The girl, from Tiberias, was brought to the northern city’s Poriya Medical Center on Friday with a high fever, vomiting, and a lack of appetite, Hebrew media reported. Since then her condition has deteriorated and on Sunday she was moved to the Rambam Medical Center in Haifa where doctors decided to sedate her and attach her to a ventilator.
Her heart was affected by the complications of the virus, reports said. Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The girl had been staying with her family at the Kinar Galilee Hotel in Tiberias, which has been commissioned by the state as a coronavirus quarantine center.
Channel 13 television news reported that the girl’s father is accompanying her as she receives medical treatment, though he has also been diagnosed with the virus.
Previously, the youngest person in Israel to require ventilation due to COVID-19, the disease caused by the virus, was 19 years old.
Last week a baby born prematurely to a woman infected with the coronavirus died. The baby, along with her twin sister, was being treated at the neonatal intensive care unit in Tiberias after their mother gave birth the week before. The hospital said the twins were tested twice for COVID-19 and both sets of tests came back negative.
As of Sunday, at least 200 people have died of the virus in Israel and 100 were on ventilators, according to Health Ministry figures. There have been 15,398 cases diagnose and 6,602 have recovered from the disease."
Be discerning consumers of information on Covid-19, Forum. 	"Since the emergence of the coronavirus, it seems everyone has become an expert on the topic, thanks to readily available posts on social media.
While I understand that our need to know more is fuelled by panic, fear and worry, I believe we need to refrain from trying to digest every sound bite that comes our way.
Instead, we should be training ourselves to be discerning consumers of information.
Simply put, there is a great deal about Covid-19 that we do not know, from its transmission dynamics to its reinfection behaviour.
As voices proliferate across multiple platforms, we should be wary of those who claim that what they say about the virus is definitive.
Even doctors, who can be expected to know more about virology than the average person, should not be regarded as infectious diseases experts if they are not specialists in the field.
Calm is needed in this crisis. By being cautious about the information we process and paying heed only to people with relevant training and expertise, we can get through this crisis with a heightened sense of peace.
Lily Ong Read the latest on the Covid-19 situation in Singapore and beyond on our dedicated site here . Get The Straits Times app and receive breaking news alerts and more. Download from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store now. A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on April 27, 2020, with the headline 'Be discerning consumers of information on Covid-19'. "
Mosques becoming major source of COVID-19 transmission in Pak, warns PIMA . 	"Sudan announces first coronavirus death
Pakistan's top Islamic medical body has warned that mosques are becoming a major source of transmission for the novel coronavirus and urged people to pray at home during Ramzan, as the COVID-19 cases in the country rose to 13,105 on Sunday.
""Mosques are becoming a major source of virus transmission,"" Pakistan Islamic Medical Association (PIMA) President Dr Iftikhar Burney said on Saturday.
Talking to reporters, Burney said that the infected cases have surged rapidly during the past week.
""Around 6,000 cases for coronavirus surfaced in a month.but the same has doubled in the last six days,"" he said, warning that the infection would further go up in the coming months of May and June.
He said the number of patients in the intensive care units (ICUs) of the public hospitals is increasing at a shocking rate. ""Most of the hospitals in the country are housing more coronavirus patients that those suffering from other diseases, he told reporters.
His remarks comes days after Pakistan's top doctors warned of ""significant mayhem"" and ""fatal outcomes"" if mosques continue to remain open and urged the government to review its decision to allow congregational prayers during the month of Ramzan amid the deadly coronavirus outbreak.
The Pakistan government early this month succumbed to pressure from the hardline clerics and allowed conditional congregational prayers in mosques during Ramzan.
However, the 20-point agreement signed by the leading clerics with President Arif Alvi on restricting access to mosques during Ramzan was not being followed completely.
Alvi has written a letter to the Imams of mosques urging them to ask worshippers above the age of 50 to pray at home. He pointed out that the point number six of the standard operating procedures (SOPs) set in the agreement said that persons over the age of 50 should avoid offering prayers at the mosque.
Alvi also visited mosques in Rawalpindi to review arrangements made by the administration of mosques to contain the spread of the virus, he wrote in a tweet.
He shared a picture of Jama Masjid Ghousia and said the administration had arranged for Taraweeh (special prayers offered at night during Ramzan), keeping in mind necessary preventative measures to curb the spread. However, the face masks were lacking.
Several countries including the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Iran, Algeria, Jordan, Kuwait, Turkey, Syria, Lebanon and Egypt have stopped congregational prayers in mosques.
In several Arab countries, the 'azaan' (call for prayer) has been amended and now it urges people to pray in their homes.
Advisor on Health Dr Zafar Mirza also took to Twitter and again urged the ""citizens to demonstrate responsibility & avoid congregations during Ramzan to protect themselves from COVID-19."" However, the government was still reluctant to close down the mosques due to fear of backlash by the hardline clerics. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) First Published: Sun, April 26 2020. 17:31 IST "
Fashion post-Covid-19: is this the end of maximalism?. 	"The past few years in fashion have given us a lust, bordering on obsession, for all things maximalist.
Be it at Versace, Dolce & Gabbana, Gucci, Moschino or Philipp Plein, decadent layering, opulent finishes and an abundance of bling have dominated the runway, fuelling our insatiable need for ""more"".
But that was before the arrival of the coronavirus. With industries laid waste, countries shuttered and hundreds of thousands of lives lost, the world we all knew has dramatically altered and as we begin cautiously to re-emerge after self-imposed isolation, we are all seeking markers of reassurance, comfort and stability.
Welsh history gave Alexander McQueen its warrior women for autumn / winter 2020. Courtesy McQueen Moving forward, will we crave a return to the decadent hedonism of maximalism? It may be gaudy, indulgent and over the top, but it is ultimately about celebration, about joy and embracing the sheer expressiveness of fashion.
It can be expressed in many ways. Who hasn’t felt the thrill of pulling on a new dress, or unearthing a gilded find at a thrift shop? Who hasn’t longed for something from our grandmother's wardrobe or looked forward to the day we can borrow our mother's vintage boots? And such giddy longing does not make one greedy. Far from it. The thrill of the chase, taking joy and enjoying a moment, are all vital parts of the human condition.
Singers Lady Gaga and Harry Styles, actor Jared Leto and Madonna have all dedicated themselves to being modern-day Lounge Lizards, in preposterous make-up, high-waisted flares and velvet capes, embracing the sheer joy of being alive.
For Gucci autumn / winter 2020, ruffles were restrained with puritanical hats. Courtesy Gucci But even before Covid-19, the ever-faster fashion merry-go-round was drawing complaints that it moved too quickly, burning too fast through designers and precious resources.
In a recent interview with Vogue , Gucci creative director Alessandro Michele said: “I hope we will never go back to that 'normal'. Because the life we lived before has been fearfully unsustainable. So, yes, we will go back to life. But, I hope, to a different life.”
When we finally emerge from our cocoons, will we yearn for the spartan purity of pared-back designers such as Jil Sander and Helmut Lang, whose severity of line better fits the present mood? Or will we want to celebrate, indulge, and announce that we are one of the lucky survivors?
The autumn / winter 2020 collections, which were unveiled just as Covid-19 was starting to spread its full, destructive power, were filled with clothes that spoke of practicality, of utility, of ""hunkering down"" instead of excess and exhibitionism.
A nightmare scenario at Balenciaga for autumn / winter 2020. Balenciaga, for example, gave us clothes for an apocalypse, shown on a flooded runway and under an end-of-days sky, while Marine Serre continued what she had begun so joltingly for spring / summer 2020 (that took place in September 2019) with face masks in what now feels like chilling foresight.
Or how about Prada, with its belted practicality? Simple garb – almost nun like in its simplicity – in stoic grey and tightly held with thick leather belts. Or Alexander McQueen who looked to the folklore of ancient Wales to create clothes for modern warrior women.
Read More #WhoMadeMyClothes: Which brands top the 2020 fashion transparency index, and which scored zero?
Moody sculptures to side-eyeing prints: Are these the world's sassiest artworks?
Even Louis Vuitton looked back in time, to deliver a collection of space-age history, mixing ruffles of old with technical fabrics.
At Gucci, it, too, was about less. More fancy ruffles were heaped into skirts, but then added to sparse tops, and Puritan hats, that gave it all an air of restraint.
Hindsight is 20/20, as they say, and it is fascinating to reflect on collections unveiled so recently with new perspective, and see that the signs were already there.
We were already beginning to turn away from the glory days of the maximum, shift away from the endless ""new"", and instead, turn towards a sense of ""make do"" and ‘re-wear’. It was already happening. It just took a pandemic for us to see it.
Updated: April 26, 2020 07:38 PM"
Adolescents are paying a high price for Covid-19 prevention - STAT. 	"First Opinion Adolescents and young adults are paying a high price for Covid-19 prevention By Lisa Jacobs
April 27, 2020
Students pack up and move out of their dorm at the University of Michigan on March 17 due to the Covid-19 pandemic. Gregory Shamus/Getty Images
“H ow can he be so stupid?” a dad asked me in a telehealth visit. His voice shook with fear and rage as he described his adolescent son sneaking out to meet friends against legal and family orders to stay at home.
As a child psychiatrist, I’ve been fielding many such calls.
“What if he’s not stupid?” I asked. Youths who ignore orders to shelter in place are cast as insensitive, short sighted, and foolish by media and politicians . But what if adults are missing their logic? What if adolescents and young adults are actually acting according to the American ideals of self-interest and self-sufficiency that have been modeled for them?
advertisement
Leadership happens by example. Lawmakers and other adults have set very poor examples about acting selflessly to protect vulnerable populations. When nearly 8,000 Americans aged 24 and younger died from gun violence in 2018, youths’ pleas for gun control fell on deaf ears. After nearly 11,000 young American lives were lost to suicide and drug overdoses in 2018, mental health and substance abuse treatment has remained limited and difficult to access. Efforts to reduce climate change, despite urgent pleas to do so , have been sparse.
Related: It was my job to call people whose Covid-19 tests were positive. That taught me a lot about medicine, the law, and society Should young Americans now be asked to protect the older adults who failed to protect them? Is that fair?
advertisement
If adults expect adolescents and young adults to act in ways we have not demonstrated and modeled for them, we are the stupid and selfish ones. Lawmakers are demanding enormous sacrifices from young Americans: their educations, their social lives, and sometimes their safety, as many of the 1 million abused and neglected American kids are now isolated at home with their abusers, with no plan to ensure their safety.
Young people have low odds of dying from Covid-19. As I write this, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that 25 Americans aged 24 or younger have died of Covid-19 in 2020, or 0.1% of the lives claimed by suicide and unintentional drug overdoses in this age group in 2018. (For comparison, 477 children and adolescents under age 17 in the United States died of influenza in the 2018-2019 flu season.)
No graduations. No sports. No time with friends. Lonely teenagers are more likely to become depressed, obese, and unhealthy adults. Social isolation in childhood is linked to poor health, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and obesity in adulthood. Even in good times, about 8% of American teens try to kill themselves each year and about 70% suffer from loneliness. In 2020, these numbers will likely be higher .
Is it shocking that some young people see social isolation measures as a more deadly threat than Covid-19? Is it rational?
Our medical system’s insufficient capacity to treat Covid-19 patients is a crisis that needs urgent intervention. Meanwhile, we’ve brushed aside the same medical system’s insufficient capacity to treat the issues threatening the lives of America’s youths for years.
Rationing health care — an issue now in the news in the Covid-19 era — is something I was tasked to do from my first day as a psychiatrist. There were never enough beds in the psychiatric units for young people at risk of death from suicide or addiction. Now, as the need for mental health treatment rises, the pandemic has forced hospitals to further reduce their capacity to treat mental health issues.
All of the teens and young adults I treat have made valiant efforts to isolate themselves to protect others, even knowing that they are extremely unlikely to die from Covid-19. For the first two weeks, they did well. Now they are suffering. Some hit their limits and can’t do it anymore. More teens and young adults tell me this with each passing week. Their restlessness and boredom have morphed into depression, anxiety, and anger.
Newsletters Sign up for First Opinion A weekly digest of our opinion column, with insight from industry experts.
Please enter a valid email address. Privacy Policy Leave this field empty if you're human: Is anyone considering them in deciding how our country moves forward? Is anyone thanking them for their selfless sacrifices?
Quite the opposite. They are shamed in the rare instances when they can’t, or refuse to, sacrifice their own well-being for the greater good. They are shamed for acting like teenagers — and for acting American.
Youths lack voting and spending power, so their voices don’t get heard. I am writing on their behalf because their perspectives matter. They will inherit the leadership of our troubled society and we are foolish not to prioritize their well-being.
While social isolation is necessary to reduce deaths and to keep hospitals functioning, I believe a more nuanced and sophisticated discussion of the risks and benefits to key groups is warranted. If we want our children and teens to help protect us, we must protect them first.
Lisa Jacobs, M.D., is a child, adolescent, and adult psychiatrist in Menlo Park, Calif., the assistant director of The Pegasus Physician Writers at Stanford , and editor at large of The Pegasus Review ."
COVID-19 likely spread by building ventilation, say Canadian researchers working on an HVAC fix. 	"The outbreak of COVID-19 at a restaurant in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou was a puzzle.
The suspected index patient was a visitor from the coronavirus’s epicentre in Wuhan. But the eight other customers who later tested positive were not sitting close enough for droplet transmission, and most of the patrons and staff avoided infection altogether.
A team of local scientists eventually came to an eye-opening conclusion about the episode: tiny particles of virus had hitched a ride on currents created by the eatery’s air-conditioning.
For a group of civil engineers at the University of Alberta, the finding was no surprise. In their world, they say, it’s well known that building ventilation systems are efficient discriminators of virus and other pathogens, and believe the COVID-19 bug is no exception.
Aided by a $440,000 federal-government grant , they’re now working on ways that buildings could change their HVAC set-ups to curb the risk of infection, what the researchers call a “non-pharmaceutical” intervention against the disease.
We want to save lives, let’s cut right to the chase
“We want to save lives, let’s cut right to the chase,” said Prof. Brian Fleck, part of the project. “There are so many, many, many buildings … This effects absolutely everybody. Billions of people. If we are able to cut down the transmission rate by a per cent, that’s a lot of people.”
The engineers’ belief in the importance of building ventilation as a transmitter of the COVID-19 virus is not universally held.
The World Health Organization and other public-health bodies , citing the science to date, say the pathogen is spread almost entirely by droplets, heavier particles emitted mostly when infected people cough or sneeze, and which fall down within a short distance. Hence the two-metre rule for social distancing.
“The HVAC systems in most non-medical buildings play only a small role in infectious disease transmission, including COVID-19,” argued the American Society of Heating, Refrigerating, and Air-Conditioning Engineers last month.
But Chinese and Australian air-quality experts, citing in part the experience with SARS, another coronavirus, argued in a paper earlier this month that as droplets from an infected person start to evaporate, the resulting smaller particles can indeed become airborne.
They point to evidence that passengers confined to their cabins on cruise ships like the Diamond Princess were infected through the vessels’ air ducts.
“It is highly likely that the SARS-CoV-2 virus also spreads by air,” they conclude, urging “all possible” action in response, including modifications to ventilation systems. “We predict that … failure to immediately recognize and acknowledge the importance of airborne transmission and to take adequate actions against it will result in additional cases.”
Then there was the Guangzhou restaurant case, detailed in a U.S. Centers for Disease Control online journal recently. Researchers concluded flow from an air conditioner moved over three tables, carrying virus from the infected patron at the middle one to the far table, then back to the diners closest to the air conditioner.
Heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) engineers have long known that tiny particles of pathogen can be carried in the air that is circulated, heated and cooled in modern buildings, said Fleck. He pointed to Legionnaires disease, a bacterial pneumonia first traced to a hotel’s air-conditioning system.
The particle can stay airborne long enough to go all the way through the system and then pop out in somebody else’s office
“This has been on people’s radar for quite a while,” he said. “Somebody on a different floor sneezes …The particle can stay airborne long enough to go all the way through the system and then pop out in somebody else’s office.”
There are various ways that risk can be lessened, including use of filters that catch a greater number of those particles, and drawing more fresh air into a system. It also is likely that higher levels of humidity – a factor that only some Canadian buildings can adjust – will help kill off the virus, said Fleck.
But each of those changes carries a cost. Adding more fresh air can require additional heat or air conditioning. Heavier filters means more energy is needed to push the air through them. And more humidity can lead to mould, he noted.
“This will make for difficult decision making.”
Funded by the Canadian Institute for Health Research, the University of Alberta project is led by engineering professor Lexuan Zhong and also involves pediatrics professor Lisa Hartling. It consists of three phases: systematically reviewing literature on air circulation and viruses, determining what strategies would be effective and then carrying out a detailed audit of all the buildings on the Edmonton campus to create a real-world model of what should be done.
The team hopes to have solid results by the summer of 2021, said Fleck.
Copyright Postmedia Network Inc., 2020 Commenting is not available for this article. More canada stories "
CHINESE STATE MEDIA USES TIK-TOK VIDEO OF TREVOR NOAH FOR CORONAVIRUS PROPAGANDA. 	"A Chinese state media outlet is using Tik-Tok videos of the Daily Show’s Trevor Noah to amplify Communist Party propaganda about the coronavirus pandemic.

“Chinese state propaganda is now making TikToks of Trevor Noah,” tweeted Jack Posobiec. “We are entering a whole new era of information warfare.”

The video was posted to Tik-Tok, a Chinese-owned app, by CGTN (China Global Television Network), a state-owned media group run by the Publicity Department of the Communist Party of China.

The clip features Noah explaining how, “The Chinese government has announced there has been so much improvement in Wuhan that the lockdown will be lifted there.” Noah then jokes about the people of Wuhan “discriminating against us” by closing down their borders to “prevent the America virus from coming in.”

The quip is based on the media’s anger at President Trump for calling COVID-19 the “Chinese virus” (despite the fact that innumerable other viruses throughout history have been named after their place of origin).

Even liberal talk show host Bill Maher slammed the media’s indignation at Trump’s description on his show last week.

It seems that the Publicity Department of the Communist Party of China and CGTN thought that Noah was a perfect mouthpiece through which to amplify their propaganda, which has been focused on denying culpability for coronavirus despite hefty evidence that Beijing covered up COVID-19’s severity and spread in its early days.

Meanwhile, Tik-Tok banned numerous ‘America First’ accounts today after leftist media hit pieces demanded their removal.

Apparently, videos showing underage girls shaking their asses to hip hop songs containing the n-word multiple times is fine, but expressing pro-America opinions isn’t"
No new Covid-19 +ve cases reported from central dists. 	"No new Covid-19 +ve cases reported from central dists : There were no new Covid-19 positive cases reported from the central districts on Sunday. According to the health ministry, the total number of positive cases recorded in the region was 235, including 51 in Trichy, 55 in Thanjavur, 44 in Nagapattinam, 42 in Karur and 29 in Tiruvaur. Perambalur, Ariyalur and Pudukottai registered seven, six and one cases respectively.
All the district administrations in the region have been taking various measures to contain the coronavirus spread. Thanjavur, Tiruvarur and Nagapattinam district collectors announced a total lockdown on Sunday in their districts.
To maintain social distance in a more effective manner, collectors of the three districts announced full shut down which was effective between 6am and 9pm on Sunday. Tiruvarur collector T Anand announced a 24-hour total lockdown till 6am on Monday.
A complete lockdown was observed by the people as the order was received well among residents of three districts with main roads and residential areas sporting a deserted look on Sunday. Roaming of people on two-wheelers on city roads was not witnessed during the shutdown.
In Trichy, no new cases were reported for the last 4 days while the number of cases in Karur district has been at 42 since April 17. In Nagapattinam district, the number of cases has been the same since April 20. However, the district administrations are awaiting results of symptomatic and asymptomatic patients, sources from the health department said.
"
Inadequate food, poor conditions, no information: Covid-19 suspects post videos to highlight what ails Agra’s quarantine facility . 	"Inadequate food, poor conditions, no information: Covid-19 suspects post videos to highlight what ails Agra’s quarantine facility Anuja Jaiswal | TNN | Updated: Apr 27, 2020, 10:33 IST The video shows food and water bottles being kept outside the quarantine centre and inmates collecting them from inside the locked gate. AGRA: A large number of people, who have been quarantined for suspected Covid-19 infections at various centres in Agra are experiencing a harrowing time due to poor facilities, including inadequate food and hygiene. Majority of them have not been tested for Covid-19, for which they have been shut behind closed doors.
A video, which has gone viral, shows food and water bottles being kept outside the quarantine centre and inmates collecting them from inside the locked gate. Some of them claimed that they are not getting adequate quantity of food packets and are sleeping empty stomachs.
According to Agra administration, there are around 21 active quarantine centres across Agra, housing about 800 inmates at present. ""About 30 more quarantine centres have been proposed by the administration for use, if needed,"" said ADM Pushpraj Singh, adding that they are presently using 50 percent of the capacity in order to effectively maintain social distancing among patients and to provide them all facilities.
However, one of the girls, who purportedly shot the video from a quarantine centre at Sharda Group of Institution in Sikandara, said that no social distancing is being maintained and all persons including her were brought there for a medical check up. She said that no tests have been conducted so far. She added that they are not even getting proper food and water.
The video and pictures circulating on the social media show a total lack of hygienic conditions inside. Empty food packets, leaking water taps and stained and dirty washbasins could be seen at the centre where these suspect patients are kept.
Singh, however denied these claims, saying that due to psychological trauma and panic, people may be ""reacting"" like this. He said, ""medical tests are being conducted on first come, first basis and adequate facilities are being provided there. He claimed that the inmates are also being provided rations for one week to 15 days at the time of their discharge from the centre"".
""The administration has also tied up with hotels for paid quarantine centres and if someone wants to shift there, they can do so by paying a Rs 800-1000 per day,"" he added.
Another girl, who was quarantined along with her 9 family members on Saturday, told TOI over phone that she doesn’t know whether her mother, who died, was Covid-19 positive or not. She said that her mother had expired after a few hours of her admission at SN Medical College.
""We all are at the quarantine centre and don’t know the reasons for it,"" said the girl, adding that they are not being informed about anything and the facilities there were very poor. She added that none of her family members were tested at the centre and were later shifted to their homes and quarantined there.
When contacted, SNMC principal, GK Aneja, said, ""the deceased was Covid-19 +ve and as per protocol her body would be cremated at the electronic moratorium”. He told TOI that she died with 35 minutes of the admission at the hospital as her condition was critical.
In Video: Covid-19 lockdown: Poor facility, inadequate food for inmates at this Agra quarantine facility "
Delhi High Court caps maximum sale price of COVID-19 test kits at Rs 400 per unit, 40% lesser than ICMR approved rate. 	"Delhi High Court has capped the maximum sale price of the COVID-19 test kits imported by Matrix Labs at Rs 400 per kit/test inclusive of GST.
The order was passed by a Single Judge Bench of Justice Najmi Waziri in the petition by Rare Metabolics Life Sciences (Petitioner) who had signed an agreement with the Respondent for being the exclusive distributor of medical products imported into India.
On March 25, the Petitioner expressed a desire to import one million/10 lakh WONDFO SARS CoV-2 Antibody tests and requested the Respondent to send it a Proforma Invoice etc at the earliest.
The Respondent acknowledged the order and replied that it would process the same soon.
Later that month, the ICMR/National Institute of Cancer Prevention and Research placed an order on the Petitioner's distributor for five lakh COVID-19 Rapid Tests at the rate of Rs 600 per test. The total value of the order was Rs 30 crores.
The Respondent, being the importer, obtained a licence to import medical material.
Of the said order for five lakh, the Court was informed that 2.76 lakh had already been delivered to ICMR and the remaining 2.24 lakh tests were expected to be delivered very shortly after the consignment lands in India.
The Petitioner contended that Rs 12.75 crores had already been paid to the Respondent and this amount covered the cost of import of 5 lakh tests at the rate of USD 3 per test and the freight cost.
According to the Respondent, the freight cost was in the range of approximately Rs 2 crores for one million tests, and thus the total cost for the ICMR destined kits/tests was Rs 12,25,00,000.
The Court was informed that the same were to be supplied to the Petitioner's distributor at an apparent profit of Rs 7.75 crores, for Rs 21 crores including GST.
Further, the Court noted that for the kits, the ICMR had to shell out an amount of Rs 30 crores plus GST, despite there being no value addition to the imported medical material.
Looking at the situation, the Court observed,
"" So, from the Rs.30 crores to be paid by ICMR for the 5 lakh kits/tests, Rs.18.75 lacs will be the shared by the intermediaries because, as discussed hereinabove, the actual costs of the monies paid to supplier/exporter was only Rs.11,25,00,000/- .""
The first consignment of 2.76 lakh tests was delivered to ICMR on April 17, 2020, for which invoice had been raised but the payment was awaited as monies were to be paid after the tests met the requisite standards of the ICMR.
It was the Petitioner’s case that the moment payment was received, it would be immediately remitted to the Respondent and thus sought the release of the remaining 7.24 lakh COVID-19 Rapid Test Kits by the Respondent.
The Respondent, on the other hand, contended that the import was on the understanding between the parties that there would be 100% upfront payment specifically apropos the consignment for ICMR.
Considering the fact that the kits/tests were required in the country on an urgent basis, the Court ordered that the remaining 2.24 lakh tests shall be delivered to ICMR, the moment it landed into India. It added that balance payment to the Respondent shall be paid by the Petitioner as soon as it is received from ICMR.
The Respondent also submitted that it had an order for supply of 50,000 kits/tests to the Government of Tamil Nadu, through an intermediary dealer viz. M/s Shan Biotech and Diagnostics, at the ICMR approved rate of @Rs.600 per test.
Of this order, 24,000 has been supplied and 26,000 more are to be supplied, it was added.
The Court thus took the opportunity to review the cost and sale price of the test kits and opined that the profit mark-up 61% on the landed cost price was on a much higher side. The country is going through an unprecedented medical crisis affecting public order. People have been cloistered in their homes or constrained to stay wherever they were on 24th March 2020. The economy is virtually at a standstill for the last one month. There is an element of disquiet apropos one’s safety. For people to be assured that the pandemic is under control and for governments to ensure and for agencies engaged in the frontline battle to safeguard people’s health, more kits/tests should be made available urgently at the lowest cost, for carrying out extensive tests throughout the country. Public interest must outweigh private gain. The lis between the parties should give way to the larger public good. Delhi High Court
For the remaining kits, the Court thus ordered,
"" In view of the above, the kits/test should be sold at a price not beyond Rs. 400/- per kit/test inclusive of GST. ""
The counsel to the Respondent also undertook to supply the kits/tests at Rs 400 each plus GST i.e. at 40% lesser than the ICMR approved rate, directly to any Government or its agency or private entity duly approved to carry out these tests.
The petition was disposed of in terms of the above directions.
Petitioner was represented by Advocates Jayant Mehta, Anshumaan Sahni .
Respondent was represented by Amitabh Chaturvedi, Jeevesh Nagrath, Sangeeth Mohan, Chandan Dutta.
"
Coronavirus: Google searches for Corona beer surge due to virus outbreak. 	"Offbeat Beer searches spike due to virus Searches for ""Corona beer virus"" have surged as a result of the deadly outbreak.  Google Trends Offbeat Beer searches spike due to virus
THE coronavirus outbreak appears to have led to people fearing their favourite beer is linked to the deadly bug.
In the mistaken belief that the famous Mexican brand Corona may somehow be connected to the virus, searches such as ""corona beer virus"" have been surging.
The beer is famously drunk with a lime in the neck but it's not connected to the virus in any way.
The virus first appeared in the Chinese city of Wuhan. So far 132 people have been killed and more than 6,000 infected.
RELATED: Follow updates on the coronavirus outbreak Searches for ""Corona beer virus"" have surged as a result of the deadly outbreak. Picture: Google Trends
According to data from Google trends , ""beer coronavirus"" searches have increased substantially around the world since January 18.
Cambodia and Denmark topped the list of places which saw a surge in searches for the term.
Global searches of ""corona beer virus"" between January 18 and January 26 jumped 2,300 per cent.
In the same period, ""beer virus"" searches jumped 744 per cent and for ""beer coronavirus"", 3,233 per cent. Global searches for “corona beer virus” jumped 2,300 per cent between January 18 and January 26. Picture: Derek Moore
In Spanish, ""corona"" means crowns, and Corona beer originated in Mexico. But in English, the anatomical term ""corona"" is used for body parts resembling a crown.
A recent prank video showed a woman wearing a medical face mask and gloves, opening the Mexican beers and yelling ""I'm getting rid of the virus"".
The coronavirus is named because its external cell structure has little crown-like spikes. Coronavirus is named for its external cell structure.
Fears have been raised over a rise in coronavirus patients who've never been to China.
So far there have been 97 people tested in the UK for the virus, and dramatic video showed the moment hazmat-wearing paramedics quarantined a suspected patient in Birmingham.
Up to 200 people from Britain are expected to be flown back from Wuhan, the centre of the deadly outbreak, in the coming days.
"
The Week In Review! January 2020: Corona Virus; Attack on Free Speech; America Embracing Queerness; Impeachment; and more. 	"A short, often controversial look at our Crazy World in accordance with the Scriptures: A Bible Study by Kevin Gus Hall GOOD MORNING & WELCOME TO: Mornings In The Word With Gus: SUNDAY EDITION!
Another week has flown by, and here we are already in February 2020!
We started out with ""PROOF THAT FREE SPEECH IS ON ATTACK!"", as a silent protester with tape across his mouth was arrested at the Capital Senate Hearings, for merely holding up a sign! Here is the photo of this horrible day in American History!
This is perhaps the 2nd American literally ""Banned"" from Social Media! His name is Owen; If I put his last name, I too may get banned or filtered through A.I. The first man to be banned is named something like AlxJonz
Owen was literally arrested for this, and spent 26 hours in Jail! Since when is being pro-America an arrestible offense? Although the Judge did not charge him with anything; his rights were violated! Other anti-Trump protesters were allowed the freedom to protest at the hearings; but his ""Silent"" ""Tape-wearing"" Republican we singled out! ....what's up with that police-beard anyways...hehehe
THE CORONA VIRUS!
Steps to avoid wide-spread transmission of this relatively new virus are now being implemented with many precautions including new Travel Bans now in effect as of today; February 2, 2020
Millions of Chinese citizens are in quarantine and a city wide ""Lock down!"" God help us all!
THE YEAR OF THE QUEER?
 Measures to normalize queer behavior, protect it, promote it and teach it are now in our Public Schools! Kids literally are being given opportunities to ""Choose"" the sex they will live with by being allowed hormone Therapies and Sex-Change Operations at a very young age now! Transgender-ism is now mainstream, promoted, taught and celebrated!
""Drag Queen Story Hour"" for kids has gone from our libraries to our Public Schools....WOW! Not a good week for Americans
GOD ""BLESS"" AMERICA?
Perhaps God's goodness toward America is deep-rooted in a few things? Why does God continue to bless us, when we continue to backslide even deeper into perversion, corruption, evil and sin?
A VERY GOOD QUESTION!! Here are my thoughts
1) God answers prayers; Perhaps the many prayers of our parents, grandparents, and other strong Christians is being honored by God; even if these people are now departed and with Jesus? Maybe it is especially because they are with Jesus, pleading on our behalf?; even in our rebellious state?
2) God Answers Prayers again: Just because about half the people in America follow Satan, it doesn't mean that all of Americans are evil! As we pray each day, perhaps God is still blessing America because America still has a population that does honor God ?
3) God knows the power of the Devil? Perhaps God is still being good to America, because he knows that the devil has reared his ugly head, and is now on attack because the devil knows his days are literally numbered!
Part of the PROOF that the devil or Antichrist Spirit is now here is all the craziness we see in the news and in Popular Culture! Only a devil-driven system would normalize hideous practices like late-term abortion, the normalization of Queerness, the promotion of perversion, and the approval of the people of such things!
Isaiah 3 (NIV) 8 Jerusalem staggers,
 Judah is falling;
their words and deeds are against the Lord ,
 defying his glorious presence.
9 The look on their faces testifies against them;
 they parade their sin like Sodom;
 they do not hide it.
Woe to them!
 They have brought disaster upon themselves. And: Romans 1 (NIV) 32 Although they know God’s righteous decree that those who do such things deserve death, they not only continue to do these very things but also approve of those who practice them.
SUPERBOWL PAGAN FESTIVAL TODAY!
Rumor has it that: The Superbowl refused to air a commercial about ""Abortion survivors"", but have agreed to air the first ""Drag Queen"" commercial.... we'll see what that is all about
DISNEY IS NOW THE ENTERTAINMENT GIANT OF EVIL!
From witches to warlocks to sorcerers, demons, genies, magic, magicians, magic-spells and more; Disney keeps cranking out Fantasy, that infests in the minds of all who casually take in their sugar-coated-witchcraft! Now Disney owns ABC, and now they recently bought out 21 Century Fox! STOP letting Disney raise your children!
The DEMONIC Democratic Left!
Joe Biden is literally on film ""Bragging"" about his use of Quid Pro Quo, using a threat of withholding 1 billion dollars from the Ukraine, unless they FIRE the prosecutor investigating a company that his son Hunter sits on the board of... for 1 Million a year over many years!
HERE IS THE CLIP YOU WILL NOT SEE ON THE NEWS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cofTY412fZo&feature=share&fbclid=IwAR0zUIBB8IeHfOTdniafsHuUwB58XiFecdOJcOZtcWy7lV1xnb_16ojyhaE
PROOF BIDEN IS CORRUPT AS HELL...CLICK HERE!
FINALLY:
TWO TYPES OF PEOPLE: The GODLY and the ungodly!
Although simply saying one is ""Conservative"" or ""Right-leaning"" or ""A Republican"", doesn't mean that one is perfect and holy or holier than thou but there is a big difference in those who fear and respect God; and those who don't give a hoot about God, law, decency and holiness! There are those who love and fear God; and those who detest the things of God including decency, Christians and real love
THAT IS OUR WEEK IN REVIEW!
Let's see what Biblegateway.com has for its Verse of the Day:
1 Corinthians 2 (NIV) 9 However, as it is written: “What no eye has seen,
 what no ear has heard,
and what no human mind has conceived”—
 the things God has prepared for those who love him— Ah... my favorite passage, because here is what it goes on to reveal!
HERE IS THE ANSWER: HERE IS WISDOM:
14 The person without the Spirit does not accept the things that come from the Spirit of God but considers them foolishness, and cannot understand them because they are discerned only through the Spirit.
Those ""Without the spirit"", do consider our love and worship of God and His Word as ""Foolishness"", because ""They cannot understand them because they are discerned only through the Spirit!""
People without God's Holy Spirit living in them (Non Christians) will by nature, think we are all nuts! They can't understand the things of God or the Bible! They need God's Holy Spirit in them, to help them understand the DEEP things and mysteries of God!
If you don't understand the deep mysteries of God; Confess your ""Lack"" to God and ask him for His Holy Spirit! LITERALLY:
LUKE 11:13
If you then, though you are evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will your Father in heaven give the Holy Spirit to those who ask him!”
Let's pray:
Heavenly Father, Thank you for Your Word; Your SON and our LORD and Savior Jesus Christ; and for Your Holy Spirit upon our lives. Thank you for Your forgiveness of our sins through Jesus Christ our Lord and Savior. Thank you for your mercy and grace; Love and patience; wisdom and guidance; provision and protection. Please help us to refrain from poisonous influences. Please protect us from viruses and plagues. Please help us overcome temptation and refrain from sin and evil. Help keep us safe and healthy. We ask and pray in Jesus's name- AMEN!
"
Corona Virus and , 20 Gambians in Wuhan. 	I would like to inform the Ministry of foriegn affairs about the presence of Gambians in Wuhan right now. The rationale behind this notification is to inform the Ministry and the Government as a concern citizen the present situation of Gambian students in Wuhan, China. Its therefore confirmed that all Gambian students residing in WUHAN are safe and healthy without any cause for panic right now. But also its important to notify the authority as students over there right now are restricted from exiting their rooms as per safety precautions offerd by health experts and the duration of not going outside is not known which may result to lack of money for the students to buy daily food items or shortage of food commodities causing prices soaring up.Then they may need absolute support and intervention of others for their upkeep in the near future if the situation persist.During this time and moment we are praying for China to get to normal operations free from virus. Our hearts and love are with China and the Chinese people and wish them well.God bless China, God bless the Gambia. At least right now 13 countries have vow to evacuate their citizens from Wuhan, China. The Chinese health experts are working hard with the support of their government to control the virus. Support and solidarity of the world is required to get out of this situation Present situation about the Corona Virus The outbreak of Novel Corona virus is rapidly spreading, the Chinese authorities said recently , as the official account of known cases jumped nearly 60 percent overnight and the death toll is greater than 100 for the first time. Its reported that 106 people had died from the coronavirus that is believed to have originated in the central city of Wuhan and is spreading across the country. The figures reported on the past two stated that the death toll was 81 , whilse the number of confirmed cases increased from 2,835 on Monday to 4,515 on Tuesday, according to the National Health Commission. Most of the cases have been confirmed in the central Chinese province of Hubei, the epicenter of the outbreak, where several cities, including Wuhan, have been placed under what amounts to a lockdown. Of the total cases, 2,714 are in Hubei. Thailand has reported 14 cases of infection; Hong Kong has eight; the United States, Taiwan, Australia and Macau have five each; Singapore, Japan, South Korea and Malaysia each have reported four; France has three; Canada and Vietnam have two; and Nepal, Cambodia and Germany each have one. There have been no deaths outside China. At least 13 countries have said they will evacuate their citizens from Wuhan, China, the epicenter of the conflict. . GOD BLESS CHINA, GOD BLESS GAMBIA, GOD BLESS OUR PRESIDENT(ADAMA BARROW FOR 5 YEARS REK)
Corona Virus. 	"Corona Virus
Hustle Fever  Coronaviruses are a type of virus.
There are many different kinds, and some cause disease.
A newly identified type, called the 2019 novel coronavirus, has caused a recent outbreak of respiratory illness that started in China.
Lauren Sauer, M.S., the director of operations with the Johns Hopkins Office of Critical Event Preparedness and Response and director of research with the Johns Hopkins Biocontainment Unit, shares information about the 2019 novel coronavirus and what you need to know.
​
How is the 2019 novel coronavirus spread?
​
Recent information indicates the 2019 novel coronavirus, also called 2019-nCoV, may be passed from person to person.
There are still a lot of unknowns, including how contagious it might be.
​
The spread of this new coronavirus is being monitored by the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), the World Health Organization and health organizations like Johns Hopkins across the globe.
​
How did the 2019 novel coronavirus spread to humans?
​
The 2019 novel coronavirus appeared in Wuhan, a city in China, in December 2019.
Although health officials are still tracing the exact source of this new coronavirus, early hypotheses thought it may be linked to a seafood market in Wuhan, China.
Some people who visited the market developed viral pneumonia caused by the 2019 novel coronavirus.
A study that came out on Jan. 25, 2020, notes that the individual with the first reported case became ill on Dec. 1, 2019, and had no link to the seafood market.
Investigations are ongoing as to how this virus originated and spread.
​
This virus probably originally emerged from an animal source but now seems to be spreading from person to person.
The virus has been detected in people throughout China and 14 other countries, including the United States.
​
What is the incubation period for the 2019 novel coronavirus?
​
It appears that symptoms are showing up in people within 14 days of exposure to the virus. During incubation, patients are not infectious.
​
What are the symptoms of the 2019 novel coronavirus?
​
The 2019 novel coronavirus causes viral pneumonia, with symptoms including:
​
#Cough
#Fever
#Shortness of breath
In rare cases, it can lead to severe respiratory problems, #kidney failure or #death .
If you believe you have these symptoms and you have traveled to Wuhan, China, within 14 days, see your health care provider.
​
How is the 2019 novel coronavirus diagnosed?
​
Diagnosis may be difficult with only a physical exam because mild cases of the new coronavirus may appear similar to the flu or a bad cold. A laboratory test can confirm the diagnosis.
​
How is the 2019 novel coronavirus treated?
​
"
Corona move Coronaviral infection exerts a significant impact. 	"Corona move Coronaviral infection exerts a significant impact on cargo traffic, ports and shipping. The problem has touched the container flow from China and LNG transportation. Not only do stevedoring and shipping companies face difficulties, it is also a tough time for forwarders who run the risk of “holding the bag” due to delayed deliveries.
The virus hits the box
The outbreak of coronavirus has lead to service interruption at the country’s ports which are to a great extent the core of the international trade.
As for the impact on Russia's port industry, the situation in China can cause the reduction of container throughput in domestic ports.
In his interview with IAA PortNews  , Aleksey Shukletsov, Executive Director of OOO Fenix (operator of Multipurpose Sea Cargo Complex Bronka in Saint-Petersburg), said that the situation with the virus can have a negative impact on the container market of Saint-Petersburg in the nearest months.
“Coronavirus causes the market turbulence which can entail the fall of container flow on the Chinese lines in the coming month or two. Then everything will depend on how fast China succeeds with the problem localization and production recovery”, said Aleksey Shukletsov.
For example, Nissan management says it may temporarily halt assembling cars at its plant in St. Petersburg due to coronavirus-related shortages of Chinese-made components.
According to Baltic Sea Ports Administration, container turnover in Saint-Petersburg has not been affected yet: in January it grew by 5%, year-on-year, to 186,200 TEUs.
Delayed deliveries may create problems for logistics service providers, forwarders and other companies responsible for timely supply of cargo. TT Club says restrictions due to labour shortages at ports and cancellations of inland transport links within China, constraints in the supply of goods due to factory closures and reduced schedules of air, ocean and rail carriers may expose forwarders to claims arising from delivery delays and cargo deterioration. According to TT Club, forwarders should identify any ""force majeure"" clauses in their agreements and preemptively send notices to customers setting out the problems in China and invoking their force majeure right to be discharged from their obligations to perform.
The international rating agency Fitch Ratings said coronavirus outbreak in China could put the global natural gas market under stress. According to open sources, some Chinese importers of LNG have declared 'force majeure' on their contracts, which may cancel up to 70% of seaborne imports in February.
“Clean hands” operation
Coronavirus causes a special problem for ferry and cruise ship operators: Thailand denied entry to the Westerdam luxury liner amid coronavirus fears despite no passengers testing positive for the coronavirus; South Korea has imposed a temporary entry ban on international cruise ships that have recently visited countries with confirmed cases of the infection, while all direct ferry services connecting Taiwan with the Chinese provinces of Fujian and Zhejiang are temporarily suspended from February 10.
The most telling story is that of the cruise ship Diamond Princess which has actually turned into a quarantine prison for 3,700 tourists off the port city of Yokohama in Japan. Mildly speaking, that does not make cruises attractive in the midst of coronavirus hysteria. The risk of being confined together with the infected people on board a ship with a general system of ventilation and catering is very high.
Cruise operators worldwide are undertaking additional protection measures.
Tallink, Baltic Sea ferry operator, told IAA PortNews it had toughened hygienic requirements several weeks ago with a focus on cleaning, disinfection and monitoring of possible symptoms among the passengers and crewmembers.
“The governments of the Scandinavian and Baltic states have not yet issued their lists of requirements necessary actions but we are ready to follow any instructions of the authorities”, says Tallink.
According to the company, “the number of passengers from Asia decreases in the beginning of the year and the first quarter is not a high season. Therefore, we see a normal reduction of Chinese passengers’ flow. The bulk of Chinese groups fell on January 26-27 will all group trips booked for February and March have been postponed for later periods and ferries do not carry any groups from China. Since some countries have suspended issue of visas to Chinese citizens and Finnair has cancelled flights to China, the number of individual tourists will reduce as well. Despite the abovementioned factors, coronavirus will not affect the general financial results of the company as the share of cancelled trips makes 0.1% of the total passenger traffic”.
From our part, we emphasize that the fact of infection on cruise ships is not new: outbreaks of various infective diseases on liners are regular worldwide. They are often caused by norovirus. What matters is the lethality rate and availability of a vaccine. In this context, not everything is clear in the case of coronavirus."
Dr. Mark Sircus -Viruses Like the New Corona Virus Makes It Easier for the Powers That Be to Take Control of the People – February 10, 2020. 	Dr. Mark Sircus, Ac., OMD, DM (P) (acupuncturist, doctor of oriental and pastoral medicine) is a prolific writer and author of some astounding medical and health-related books. Dr. Sircus’s methods are based on medical science and long years of clinical experience, not only his own but experiences of doctors from around the world who have been practicing brilliant medicine. His books are heavily referenced, but the layperson finds little difficulty in understanding his presentation of medical topics. For many years Dr. Sircus has been researching into the human condition and into the causes of disease; he has distilled many of the divergent medical systems into a new form of medicine that he has coined Natural Allopathic Medicine. Natural Allopathic Medicine represents a new therapeutic principle that revolutionizes both allopathic and naturopathic medicine offering a radical shift in medical thought and practice. Dr. Sircus’s protocol addresses foundational physiology. It focuses on pH management, cell voltage, magnesium and iodine medicine, cannabinoid medicine, carbon dioxide medicine, re-mineralization of the body, increasing oxygen transport and oxygenation of the tissues, opening up of blood vessels, saturation and healing of cells with concentrated nutrition via superfoods, breathing retraining, emotional transformation processing, detoxification and removal of heavy metals and radioactive particles. The exciting part of Dr. Sircus’s protocol is that it is easy to learn and anyone can start implementing it even while being treated by other approaches. Secondly, with a recent medical breakthrough—a legalized form of medical marijuana now available throughout the world—Dr. Sircus’s protocol is entirely legal. With the publication of Dr. Sircus’s Treatment Essentials book, which actually teaches people to put into practice this medical approach, anyone will now have access to the information that will enable them to take charge of their own health. Dr. Sircus’s approach is humanitarian because it pays attention to the majority who cannot afford expensive medical treatments or pharmaceutical drugs. With the Natural Allopathic Medicine protocol, people with limited funds can make use of the top three medicinals mentioned above—magnesium chloride, sodium bicarbonate (baking soda), and iodine—to inexpensively treat most health problems. Add breathing retraining, CBD, superfoods, vitamin C, plenty of water good enough to be called a medicine, enough sun, daily magnesium massages and one will improve or cure almost any ailment.
Corona Virus. 	"The new epidemic that threatens the global human population, the most terrifying horror regarding the beginning of 2020, a blessed year indeed from the start.
Death and disease, are two interconnected concepts, the latter causes the former, but the former could also cause the latter, we are all lucky enough to witness the terrible situation in China, and how the weak Chinese communist party is unable to deal with it, some controversial news have arisen regarding the origin of this highly infectious relatively deadly virus, some news reached us regarding its manufacture in the military labs of Wuhan, some other theories accuse the USA for creating it and spreading it in China, in order to use it as a pretext to put an economic blockade on China as part of the ongoing Sino-American economic war, while both are regarded as conspiracy theories at best, yet they accuse governments of killing their population and other country’s population on purpose and in cold blood, we still can’t exclude them only on that basis, conspiracy theories are very possible scenarios and only time can prove or disprove their legitimacy, if they show anything, then it is the increasing distrust and cynicism in our modern societies, and a major factor contributing to this, are the deceits and lies of every single government on the face of this beloved Earth, their daily activities are only focused on how to deceive and use the population in question to their advantage, the communist regime in China is by definition a totalitarian oppressive regime, that doesn’t care to hide this fact, but rather works day and night on expanding its powers, with imperialist dreams in the horizon, while the “free and democratic” regimes of the west are doing exactly the same under the pretext of security and protection of freedom, and whatever lies in between, are all criminals of the sort.
With the elections in Thuringia, Germany are being overruled by the “democratic” Mrs. Merkel, because the people dared to vote different from what the elitist bastards have decided upon, we as people, all over the globe are living under total war perpetrated against each and everyone of us, the Elitists are so ambitious as to maximize their profits as much as possible, and to destroy our livelihood, this is the true story that we should focus on, that we should care about, you wouldn’t find an elitist asshole from the communist party getting infected with this virus, because they are all hiding in their ivory towers drinking and feasting on our corpses, and it isn’t any different in the New World or Europe either, the governments aren’t representing their people anymore, it is basically communism by proxy, you should suffer dear fellow man, in order for them to grow fatter and uglier, directed only by profit and hatred to Nature and Humanity, Europe has given up its peaceful role long time ago, that’s why we are seeing its support for neo-Fascists everywhere in the world, because they finally realized that the masses aren’t buying the farce anymore, so they made it public, instead of stopping and correcting their wrongdoings, no no, they just do it in the light now, and why should they hide it, they are almighty now, with criminals, like Macron, the president of France, and his mini-me Edouard Philippe, running their country with oppression and repression, that even the great Charles de Gaulle himself didn’t dare to commit against the french people, despite still having the support of the majority, and they hide behind the police force, which in its turn have become a criminal organization that supports the ambitions of the elite over their fellow man.
This is a total war against the middle class, everywhere you see the same scenario, measures being taken to destroy that class, that has been always a thorn in the throat of the Elitists, and by them I don’t mean the upper class, for it isn’t yet all contaminated with this plague, we still have allies in the upper ranks of society, who sooner or later are going to be persecuted like us, for nothing more than not belonging to the “Clan”, a brand new form of feudalism is on the rise , Ladies and Gentlemen, please wake up before whatever achievements we had, are gone and left to be crushed by the heels of the “Masters”.
The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants .
"
Queen's University students wore surgical masks, drank Coronas at coronavirus-themed party: report. 	"A coronavirus-themed party was reportedly held at Queen’s University in Kingston, Ont. last weekend where students dressed in surgical masks and decorated the walls with biohazard signs.
The Queen’s Journal re-published images that were first posted to Instagram from the party, reportedly held last Saturday. The photos show students drinking Corona beers, and a caption under one of the images reads “infect me daddy.”
After the article was published, university principal Patrick Deane issued a statement warning students of an “insidious social challenge already emerging amongst us” and urging them to treat each other with dignity and respect.
“Ignorantly ostracizing Chinese and Asian students will rip apart the beautiful tapestry of our international campus and must be repudiated by everyone,” Deane said in the statement, which did not directly reference the party.
A university spokesperson said the statement was “not specifically issued in response to the regrettable events on the weekend, however it illustrates how important it is that the message is reinforced.”
“Principal Deane’s statement was intended to remind our community not to fall prey to fear and misinformation, and to make every effort to support each other with dignity and respect,” spokesperson Mark Erdman said in a statement.
Instances of racism against Chinese-Canadians have been widely reported following the novel coronavirus outbreak. The same day the coronavirus-themed party was reportedly held, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau warned Canadians against discrimination.
""There is no place in our country for discrimination driven by fear or misinformation,"" Trudeau said at a Lunar New Year event in Toronto on Saturday. ""This is not something Canadians will ever stand for.""
International reports of anti-Chinese racism have been on the rise. Restaurants in several Asian countries have refused to serve Chinese customers, and a march was held outside an Indonesian hotel calling on Chinese guests inside to leave. In South Korea, more than 650,000 people have signed an online petition calling for a temporary ban of Chinese visitors.
The coronavirus from China has infected 20,438 people and killed 425 since it emerged on Dec. 31 in Wuhan, according to the latest numbers from China."
Facts About corona virus source Revealed. 	"Preliminary facts implies that it can only be transmitted as a result of prolonged publicity, but there’s continue to a great deal well being officers don’t find out about the virus.TIME might obtain compensation for a few back links to products and services on this Web site. Presents could be subject matter to alter suddenly.The FDA declared Tuesday that it has issued an emergency use authorization enabling the diagnostic examination for the novel coronavirus for use at any CDC-certified lab while in the region. Earlier, the test had only been done at CDC headquarters in Atlanta. Talking Tuesday at WHO headquarters in Geneva, the Firm's Main of infectious disease Command, Dr. Sylvie Briand, mentioned she and her colleagues ended up assured a world pandemic could nonetheless be prevented.“I experience There exists a lot more correction in advance,” he reported Monday morning. “It's not a straightforward state of affairs.”The sole confirmed circumstance in The usa is a person in his 30s who flew to Seattle from Wuhan. A 2nd suspected patient is below self-isolation in Texas. A third was removed from a flight that arrived in L. a. from Mexico.Scott Pauley from the CDC confirmed to United states These days which the twenty airports align with the center's existing quarantine stations that go over all 50 states and Puerto Rico. The stations are Element of the CDC's system for restricting the introduction and spread of contagious disorders within the U.S.There isn't a distinct cure for the virus. Clients are frequently given supportive care for their symptoms, this kind of fluids and pain relievers. Hospitalized sufferers may have aid with respiratory.Journal of Clinical Virology: “Homologous recombination within the spike glycoprotein of the recently recognized coronavirus may well Increase cross-species transmission from snake to human.”The 25-12 months-previous female was introduced towards the clinic Thursday evening by Edgewater Health-related Solutions. Being a precaution, health and fitness officers say which the clinic adopted correct an infection control protocols.""If we get sturdy steps now, we may be able to blunt the influence of your corona virus source virus on the United States,” she claimed.CDC proceeds to intently check an outbreak of respiratory ailment because of 2019-nCoV that was at first detected in Wuhan City, Hubei Province, China. This HAN Update offers a situational update and steering to state and native overall health departments and overall health treatment companies.Healthcare employees carry a affected person into your Jinyintan hospital, where by patients contaminated which has a new strain of Coronavirus identified as the cause of the Wuhan pneumonia outbreak are being treated, in Wuhan, China on Jan. eighteen, 2020.The World Overall health Firm (WHO) reported it will eventually come to a decision whether or not to declare the outbreak a global wellbeing crisis, which would action up the Intercontinental reaction."
HealthLynked Corp. Posts Realtime Corona Virus Tracker on Its Website. 	"HealthLynked Corp. (OTCQB: HLYK), a nationwide healthcare network focused on care management of its members and a provider of healthcare technologies that connects doctors, patients and medical data today announced that to help its members keep track of the deadly corona virus epidemic, it has provided a GEO tracker of cases reported by the World Health Organization (""WHO"") in the US and worldwide.
The company plans to release an updated version this month that will allow members to report symptoms and provide a way for the public to more closely track symptoms, areas of potential exposure, confirmed cases, deaths and recovered cases, and track the outbreak so that they can better prepare and protect themselves from exposure.
The first infection with 2019-nCoV in the United States was reported on January 21, 2020 . The current count of cases of infection with 2019-nCoV in the United States and globally can be monitored at www.healthlynked.com/corona-virus-tracker .
About the Corona Virus:
The 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is a new virus that causes respiratory illness in people and can spread from person-to-person. This virus originated in Wuhan , China and likely originally emerged from an animal source but now seems to be spreading from person-to-person. It is important to note that person-to-person spread can happen on a continuum. Some viruses are highly contagious (like measles), while other viruses are less so.
At this time, it is unclear how easily this virus is spreading between people, but concerns are that individuals that are infected can spread the virus before symptoms occur and after they have recovered. You can learn more of what is known about the spread of newly emerged coronaviruses at
https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/about/transmission.html .
The greatest risk of infection is for people in China or people who have traveled to China . Risk of infection is dependent on exposure. Patients with 2019-nCoV have reportedly had mild to severe respiratory illness with symptoms of: fever, cough and shortness of breath with many patients having developed pneumonia in both lungs.
The best way to prevent infection is to avoid being exposed to this virus. There are simple everyday preventive actions to help prevent the spread of respiratory viruses, including the following:
Avoid close contact with people who are sick. Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands. Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. Use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol if soap and water are not available. If you are sick, to keep from spreading respiratory illness to others, you should:
Stay home when you are sick. Cover your cough or sneeze with a tissue, then throw the tissue in the trash. Clean and disinfect frequently touched objects and surfaces. If you were in China within the past 14 days and feel sick with fever, cough, or are having difficulty breathing, you should get medical care. Call the office of your health care provider before you go and tell them about your recent travels and your symptoms. They will give you instructions on how to get care without exposing other people to your illness. While sick, avoid contact with people, don't go out and delay any travel to reduce the possibility of spreading illness to others.
There is currently no vaccine to protect against 2019-nCoV. The best way to prevent infection is to avoid being exposed to this virus.
Dr. Michael Dent , HealthLynked CEO stated ""The Corona Virus infection is a global health crisis and helping identify individuals who have been exposed to the virus and can infect others is the primary method to prevent further spread. The WHO provides updated statistics on new confirmed infections. So far in the US there are only 8 confirmed cases, but concerns are high that the virus will spread in the US as it has in China. We strongly encourage everyone to create a free HealthLynked profile so that they have easy access to their medical information in case they require medical attention.""
""Wearing a protective mask is one way to reduce exposure to airborne virus and they are in short supply. They are currently available online at MedOfficeDirect ( www.medofficediret.com ) our online medical supply partner.""
About HealthLynked Corp.
HealthLynked Corp. provides a solution for both patient members and providers to improve healthcare through the efficient exchange of medical information. The HealthLynked Network is a cloud-based platform that allows members to connect with their healthcare providers and take more control of their healthcare. Members enter their medical information, including medications, allergies, past surgeries and personal health records, in one convenient online and secure location, free of charge. Participating healthcare providers can connect with their current and future patients through the system. Benefits to in-network providers include the ability to utilize the HealthLynked patent pending patient access hub ""PAH"" for patient analytics. Other benefits for preferred providers include HLYK marketing tools to connect with their active and inactive patients to improve patient retention, access more accurate and current patient information, provide more efficient online scheduling and to fill last minute cancelations using our ""real time appointment scheduling"" all within our mobile application. Preferred providers pay a monthly fee to access these HealthLynked services. For additional information about HealthLynked Corp. visit www.healthlynked.com and connect with HealthLynked on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn.
Forward Looking Statements
Forward-Looking Statements in this press release, which are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results, including as a result of any acquisitions, performance or achievements may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""may,"" ""could,"" ""expect,"" ""intend,"" ""plan,"" ""seek,"" ""anticipate,"" ""believe,"" ""estimate,"" ""predict,"" ""potential,"" ""continue,"" ""likely,"" ""will,"" ""would"" and variations of these terms and similar expressions, or the negative of these terms or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by our management, and us are inherently uncertain. We caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which are made as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any of these forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, new information or future events, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward looking statements, except to the extent required by applicable laws. If we update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. Certain risks and uncertainties applicable to our operations and us are described in the ""Risk Factors"" section of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other filings we have made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are available at www.sec.gov .
Contacts:
George O'Leary
Chief Financial Officer
goleary@healthlynked.com
(800) 928-7144, ext. 99
Investor Relations Contacts :
Stephanie Prince
PCG Advisory Group
sprince@pcgadvisory.com
+1 646-762-4518
Jim Hock
Hanover International Inc.
jh@hanoverintlinc.com
+1 760-564-7400
"
The coronavirus 2019-nCoV is no excuse to violate human rights.. 	Future Tense Violating People’s Rights Is Not the Way to Address the Coronavirus Many of China’s actions to date are overly aggressive and ineffective in quelling the emerging outbreak. By James G. Hodge Jr. and Leila Barraza Jan 24, 2020 11:05 AM A police officer checks the temperature of a driver at a highway in Wuhan, China, on Jan. 24, 2020. STR/Getty Images Since its emergence from Wuhan, China, on New Year’s Eve 2019, novel coronavirus, 2019-nCoV , is spreading rapidly, escalating domestic and international concerns, and leading to calls for emergency declarations. Advertisement By now one might think that we are globally prepared for these type of threats given the successful control of prior coronaviruses like SARS and MERS since 2002. Yet, as Catharine I. Paules, Hilary D. Marsto, and Anthony S. Fauci note in the Journal of the American Medical Association , “[t]he emergence of yet another outbreak of human disease caused by a [coronavirus] … underscores the perpetual challenge of emerging infectious diseases and the importance of sustained preparedness.” It is a contemporary challenge seemingly lost on the World Health Organization , Chinese government authorities, and other national leaders. On Thursday, after considering all available evidence, WHO’s emergency committee voted against declaring a state of public health emergency of international concern, or PHEIC . Invoking the emergency is more than political posturing. PHEIC’s trigger implementation of the International Health Regulations modernized in 2007 specifically in response to lessons learned from SARS. WHO’s committee reached this decision even though “it is expected that further international exportation of cases may appear in any country.” Subject to subsequent reconsideration, its conclusion seems ill-fated in the face of a rapidly spreading condition transmitted from human-to-human with no known cure, treatment, or vaccine, and a fatality rate that already approaches 4 percent. Perhaps seeking to avoid another global debacle from its mishandling and blatant misrepresentation of the spread of SARS in 2002, Chinese authorities have significantly ramped up their responses. Many of their actions to date, however, are overly aggressive, inviolate of human rights, and ineffective in quelling the emerging outbreak. Advertisement Chinese officials have created a “ cordon sanitaire ” around Wuhan and multiple other cities identified as hotbeds for 2019-nCoV incubation and spread. They basically have blocked 35+ million people from leaving their jurisdictional boundaries. With thousands of flights canceled, outsiders are prevented from entry as well. People stuck in Wuhan and elsewhere are further restricted in their movements about their communities. Those with signs of infection are inundating local hospitals where they are processed and screened. Hundreds of infected individuals have been forced into isolation. More than a dozen health care workers have become infected in attempting to treat index cases. Worse still, Chinese media and other sources are downplaying the public health threat. Recent Chinese broadcasts have avoided portraying 2019-nCoV as an extant risk to populations. Social media platforms are helping to expose government-sanctioned disinformation but also distributing falsified rumors about the virus and fears of retaliatory efforts for failing to report symptoms. Some Chinese officials have taken a harsh approach to assure public health compliance. A temporary social media post by a Communist Party committee stated that anyone deliberately hiding disease infection in China will be “ forever nailed to history’s pillar of shame.” Other countries are imposing travel restrictions against Chinese citizens. North Korea has already closed its borders to foreign tourists despite lucrative resources they bring to its struggling economy. With history as a guide, some countries will soon consider restricting flights into and out of China despite WHO guidance. Advertisement Emerging infectious diseases like 2019-nCoV understandably contribute to public apprehension, which is then exacerbated by these sorts of overly aggressive governmental responses. Ideally, public health measures should be predicated on specific epidemiologic findings and proven interventions tied directly to actual risks supported by solid epi data. Admittedly, it is tough to deploy public health measures when available data are sketchy or untrusted. Consequently, international health entities and national or regional governments sometimes 1) revert to “safe” decisions to avoid political controversy (for instance, WHO’s decision not to declare a PHEIC) or 2) employ highly restrictive measures to limit public health repercussions (for instance, Chinese city quarantines/ travel restrictions ). The truth is that neither approach actually works. What does work are lawful, ethical, and human rights-based interventions that entail public health powers that are tailored to specific risks and encourage people to voluntarily comply where possible to accomplish legitimate, communal objectives. Take, for example, public health interventions to assure safe air travel. Global flights unquestionably present risks of spreading diseases. Multiple countries, including the U.S., already have documented 2019-nCoV cases arriving within their borders through air travel. More cases will assuredly surface. Yet shutting down air travel is not an option economically nor is it beneficial from a public health perspective. Most passengers and crew members present no risks of infection of 2019-nCoV. Advertisement Rather than restricting or prohibiting flights from China as some countries (including China) have done in prior outbreaks, U.S. public health authorities are wisely implementing noninvasive screening efforts for select flights to assess health risks among passengers or crew members. The federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention initiated enhanced screening for 2019-nCoV initially at 3 U.S. airports (JFK, LAX, SFO) on Jan. 17. Two additional airports (ORD, ATL) were designated soon thereafter. Enhanced screening methods employ surveillance to track potential cases within airports receiving the vast majority of passengers from affected countries. Such passengers are initially questioned and participate in noninvasive temperature checks at exit and entry points. It is rare that more invasive measures like quarantine and isolation are needed following airport screening. Very few passengers are actually found to be infectious through these screening measures. When WHO declared a PHEIC on Aug. 8, 2014, concerning Ebola in West Africa, countries with active transmissions conducted exit screening at international airports. In Sierra Leone’s Freetown International Airport, 166,242 passengers underwent Ebola exit screening between September 2014 and February 2016. Ten passengers were identified as potentially symptomatic; five were denied travel because they were infected with malaria and typhoid (two cases), but not Ebola. Entry screening techniques employed at several U.S. airports during the same outbreak rendered no confirmed cases over a 30-day span in 2014. While the efficacy of noninvasive, limited airport screenings for infectious diseases like Ebola and 2019-nCoV may be questioned, its legality and utility are not. WHO and the CDC view such screening as an essential component of global response efforts to raise global awareness, derail prospective ill-travelers, track and monitor potential cases, and instill confidence among all passengers in the continued safety of air travel. Advertisement So what’s a key take-away from emerging approaches? Real-time responses are needed, but not if they infringe human rights without justification. As with prior outbreaks, the best approach to protect populations is matching accurate data with good science and respect for individual rights. 
5 Easy Facts About corona virus source Described. 	 “We have been intently monitoring developments with regards to coronavirus and have demanding clinical protocols in place onboard our ships,” the corporate said in a statement, for each The brand new York Put up.Linking to your non-federal Web page won't constitute an endorsement by CDC or any of its personnel of the sponsors or the data and solutions presented on the website.Best recognized for her job inside the Inbetweeners and stint on I'm A Celeb, Emily's straight speaking In relation to nookieGet yourself a roundup of The main and intriguing national stories delivered to your inbox each weekday.This meme implies the Dank Memes subreddit should really insert a surgical mask for their profile image:Developing a clinic in ten times is simply the most up-to-date manifestation of China’s authoritarian inclination to Display screen power as a result of construction.Any time a virus circulates repeatedly inside a community, it is said to be endemic. The viruses that induce hen pox and influenza are endemic in many countries, but outbreaks may check here be managed by way of vaccination and keeping men and women in your own home when they are sick.Emily AtackEmily Atack's most X-rated antics – from steamy sexual intercourse scenes and marathon romps to faking orgasmsIn the meantime, to guarantee continued help, we have been exhibiting the site without styles and JavaScript.The virus's genetic sequencing was introduced by experts in China to the rest of the world to enable other international locations to quickly diagnose prospective new cases. This assists other countries react speedily read more to illness outbreaks.Hottest NewsBrit grandad who went lacking on Benidorm family members holiday break located deadPhil Pearce was considered to are suffering from early-onset dementia and exhibited memory decline when he went missing in BenidormIt’s not obvious if people have to be demonstrating symptoms to go the virus on, however although asymptomatic individuals can spread the virus, they may be less likely to than people who find themselves website sneezing and coughing — routes with the virus to leap from just one human being to a different.On Thursday early morning, Chinese authorities shut off the town of Wuhan where the outbreak commenced that has a click here population of eleven million. Much more popular travel restrictions set to quarantine millions of more and more people are underway in neighboring districts.As being the virus triggers shortages of clinical supplies in China, businesses are urging employees and their customers click here to deliver again deal with masks from abroad.
On the Origins of the 2019-nCoV Virus, Wuhan, China. 	"RECOMBINATION technology has been in use in molecular virology since the 1980’s. The structure of the 2019-NCoV virus genome provides a very strong clue on the likely origin of the virus.
Unlike other related coronaviruses, the 2019-nCoV virus has a unique sequence about 1,378 bp (nucleotide base pairs) long that is not found in related coronaviruses.
Looking at the phylogenetic tree recently published derived using all the full genome sequence, we see the 2019-nCoV virus does not have clear monophyletic support given the bootstrap value of 75 (Fig 1). Close-up on Bootstrap value of 75 for available 2019-nCoV from Lu et al., 2020 The Lancet article [ Full Text ]
There is no doubt that there is a novel sequence in 2019-nCoV; we confirmed this via sequence alignment. Here’s the DOT plot:
The gap in the line shows a lack of sequence homology beween the most similar bat coronavirus and 2019-nCoV. The inserted sequence, which should not be there is here: inserted-portion Download
A database search by the first team to study and publish the whole genome sequence for the origins of the inserted sequence turned up no hits (Ji et al., 2020). They conducted a codon-bias analysis which led them to speculate that perhaps there had been a recombination event between a coronavirus in snakes with a coronavirus from bats (Ji et al., 2020). [ Full Text ]
This led to criticism on Wired(3) with quote dismissing the snake origin hypothesis as lacking evidence. There is, however, clear evidence that the novel sequence, which I will refer to henceforth as INS1378, is from a laboratory-induced recombination event. Specifically,
(1) The sequence similarity to other coronavirus sequences is lower to its most similar sequences in any coronavirus than the rest of the genome (IPAK finding)
(2) The high sequence similarity of INS1378 to a SARS spike protein (2; IPAK Confirmed) .
(3) We also found significant sequence similarity of INS1378 to a pShuttle-SN vector that was in use in the 1980’s in China to create a more immunogenic coronavirus (IPAK finding, details below, Option 4).
Here, I review four Option on the origins of the 2019-nCoV Coronavirus isolated from human patients from Wuhan, China.
Option 1. Natural coronavirus related to bat coronaviruses, Not a Recombined Virus .
Evidence for: Phylogenetic clustering with Bat coronaviruses.
Evidence against: Low bootstrap support (N=75) and presence of a INS1378.
Status: Falsified hypothesis.
Test: Survey coronviruses in animals in the wild.
Option 2. A recombined virus that naturally picked up a SARS-like spike protein in it N-terminus (3′ end) of the viral genome.
Evidence for: The INS1378 codon bias similar to snakes ($)
Evidence against: Insufficient match in database search to other known CoV spike proteins (Ji et al., 2020)
Status: Speculative hypothesis. Unlikely.
Test: Find an isolate that matches 2019-nCoV in the wild and reproducibly independently isolate the virus from a wild animal (a match will confirm).
Option 3. A recombined virus made in a laboratory for the purpose of creating a bioweapon.
Both China and the US hinted at the other side’s potential liability in playing a role in bringing about a novel coronavirus in the lab specifically for the purpose of being used as a bioweapon. To add to the intrigue, a Chinese Scientist was released from BSL-4 laboratory in Manitoba, Canada for violating protocols, allegedly sending samples of deadly viruses to mainland China.
On January 26, The Washington Times published this article citing an Israeli defense expert claiming that China has likely proceeded with a bioweapons program, but ending the article with a quote to London’s Daily Mail from a US scientist Rutgers University microbiologist Richard Ebright that “at this point there’s no reason to harbor suspicions” that the lab may be linked to the virus outbreak.
The same person was quoted in a Feb 2017 Nature article stating that SARS had escaped the Wuhan facility “multiple times”.
Evidence for: Presence of BSL-4 laboratory 20 miles from the Wuhan seafood market
Evidence against: Published opinion.
Status: Rumor. But see below. Option 4. A recombined virus made in a laboratory for the purpose of creating a vaccine.
IPAK researchers found a sequence similarity between a pShuttle-SN recombination vector sequence and INS1378. Here’s a shot of the alignment and the DOT Plot.
Here’s the nucleotide sequence at NCBI’s Nucleotide database . Here’s a patent for its use in recombination virology.
The pShuttle-SN vector was among many described in a 1998 paper by Bert Vogelstein et al; here is a company where one can purchase the pShuttle-SN vector:
It turns out that the sequence from pShuttle is most closely related to the Spike protein from SARS coronavirus.
This particular technology was used in 2008 to attempt to develop a more immunogenic vaccine against coronavirus. Here’s a Chinese patent for that technique and product intended for use in a vaccine .
The patent summary reads:
SARS vaccine of adenovirus vector and preparation method, application of coronavirus S gene Abstract (translated from Chinese) The present invention belongs to the field of genetic engineering, particularly relates to adenoviral vector SARS vaccines, their preparation and coronavirus S genes in SARS (SARS) on vaccines for the prophylaxis. By means of biological engineering, the coronavirus S gene in combination with deficient recombinant adenovirus, the protective immunogen protein or polypeptide expressed therein, through expansion culture, purification, and formulation to prepare a mucosal immunogenicity can cause the gene vaccine, respiratory mucosal immune response induced by the body to produce antibodies against the virus infection. Specific conditions of the present invention, compared with conventional inactivated virus particle vaccine, safe, easy to use, without limitation intramuscular, have broad clinical applications.
In 2015, The US called for an end to research creating new viruses in the lab that have increased threat (higher transmissibility, higher pathogenicity, higher lethalithy) (3)
The very researchers conducting studies on SARS vaccines have cautioned repeatedly against human trials;
“An early concern for application of a SARS-CoV vaccine was the experience with other coronavirus infections which induced enhanced disease and immunopathology in animals when challenged with infectious virus [31], a concern reinforced by the report that animals given an alum adjuvanted SARS vaccine and subsequently challenged with SARS-CoV exhibited an immunopathologic lung reaction reminiscent of that described for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) in infants and in animal models given RSV vaccine and challenged naturally (infants) or artificially (animals) with RSV [32], [33]. We and others described a similar immunopathologic reaction in mice vaccinated with a SARS-CoV vaccine and subsequently challenged with SARS-CoV [18], [20], [21], [28]. It has been proposed that the nucleocapsid protein of SARS-CoV is the antigen to which the immunopathologic reaction is directed [18], [21]. Thus, concern for proceeding to humans with candidate SARS-CoV vaccines emerged from these various observations.” – Tseng et al.,
The disease progression in of 2019-nCoV is consistent with those seen in animals and humans vaccinated against SARS and then challenged with re-infection. Thus, the hypothesis that 2019-nCoV is an experimental vaccine type must be seriously considered.
Evidence for: Sequence homology between INS1378 to pShuttle Coronavirus vaccine; presence of a SARS-like Spike protein in bat coronavirus, otherwise most similar to bat coronaviruses; low bootstrap value.
Evidence against: Low sequence homology (but highly signifiant). NB these viruses are RNA viruses and they can evolve quickly, even under laboratory conditions.
Status: Most likely.
Test: Determine the nucleotide sequence all laboratory types of coronavirus being studied in China (a match will confirm). Find an isolate that matches 2019-nCoV in the wild and reproducibly independently isolate the virus from a wild animal (a match will falsify).
The available evidence most strongly supports that the 2019-NCoV virus is a vaccine strain of coronavirus either accidentally released from a laboratory accident, perhaps a laboratory researcher becoming infected with the virus while conducting animal experiments, or the Chinese were performing clinical studies of a Coronavirus vaccine in humans.
Dr. Dale Brown brought to my attention the studies that have reported serious immunopathology in animals – rats, ferrets, and monkeys – in which animals vaccinated against coronoviruses tended to have extremely high rates of respiratory failure upon subsequent exposure in the study when challenged with the wild-type coronavirus. “Caution in proceeding to application of a SARS-CoV vaccine in humans is indicated”- Te et al., 2012 [ Full Text ]
Yasui et al., (2012) reported severe pneumonia in mice who were vaccinated against SARS who were subsequently infected with SARS.
Another study of a double-inactived SARS vaccine found increased eosinophilic proinflammatory responses in vaccinated mice, especially older mice, writing:
“Importantly, aged animals displayed increased eosinophilic immune pathology in the lungs and were not protected against significant virus replication.”
If the Chinese government has been conducting human trials against SARS. MERS, or other coronviruses using recombined viruses, they may have made their citizens far more susceptible to acute respiratory distress syndrome upon infection with 2019-nCoV coronavirus.
The implications are clear: if China sensitized their population via a SARS vaccine, and this escaped from a lab, the rest of world has a serious humanitarian urgency to help China, but may not expect as serious an epidemic as might otherwise be expected.
In the worst-case scenario, if the vaccination strain is more highly contagious and lethal, 2019-nCoV could become the worst example of vaccine-derived contagious disease in human history. With an uncharacteristic aysmptomatic prodromal period of 5-7 days, individuals returning from China to other countries must be forthright and cooperative in their now-prescribed 2-week quarantine."
What is the Corona Virus? Corona virus entry into China, India, Learn what are the symptoms and how to save.. 	Corona virus entry into China, India, Learn what are the symptoms and how to save. What is the Corona Virus? Corona virus entry into China, India, Learn what are the symptoms and how to save. What is the Corona Virus? Corona virus entry into China, India, Learn what are the symptoms and how to save. Share this useful information in all your groups The samples obtained from the patients were examined in the laboratory, and then Chinese authorities told the World Health Organization that they were corona virus. There are several types of coronary viruses, but only six of those viruses were found to be infected. Now the number has been reduced to seven since the new virus was identified. Analyzing the genetic code of the new virus reveals that these humans are closer to SARS than other corona viruses that have the ability to infect humans. What is the Corona Virus? Corona virus entry into China, India, Learn what are the symptoms and how to save. The corona virus called SARS is considered very dangerous. In 2002, 8098 people died in SARS in China, out of which 774 died. Symptoms of corona virus include headache, runny nose, cough, sore throat, fever, nausea and fatigue, sneezing or asthma, pneumonia and lung swelling. Where did this virus come from? HELTH TIPS These come from one species of organism to another and then infect humans. Don't even know about infection. He is likely to have reached humans from the beast. It is worth mentioning that SARS also reached humans from one of the cat species. What is the Corona Virus? Corona virus entry into China, India, Learn what are the symptoms and how to save. China's Corona Virus Entry into India, Learn What the Symptoms and How to Prevent - Corona virus is slowly becoming a topic in China. In India's financial capital, Mumbai, two suspected cases of the corona virus have also been filed. The two suspected patients have been admitted to Kasturba Hospital. However, two individuals are currently under investigation. Corona virus meanwhile has killed 26 people in China, while 830 people have been infected. In fact, the Indian Ministry of Health has been ordered to investigate through a thermal scanner of international passengers arriving from China at Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata airports. Aircraft is also being announced in this regard. A consultation has been announced for travelers traveling to China. What is the Corona Virus? Corona virus entry into China, India, Learn what are the symptoms and how to save. The World Health Organization said that a decision could be taken soon after declaring a global health emergency. Because of this, international efforts to prevent the outbreak of the corona virus have been announced on the announcement. What is Corona Virus? The corona virus belongs to a family of viruses. The virus can also infect many animals, including camels, cats, and bats. According to WHO, the corona virus is linked to C food. Symptoms of Corona Virus Corona virus patients have symptoms such as cold, cough, sore throat, shortness of breath, fever. The symptom then changes to pneumonia and also damages the kidney. As well as its lungs, there are dangerous types of infections. So far no vaccine has been made to get rid of the virus, but doctors are using other essential drugs to treat the disease, depending on its symptoms. However, now the drug for the disease is also being discovered. These are the salvage features Clean your hands with soap, water, and alcohol hand rubs. Keep your nose and mouth covered with tissue and handkerchiefs when coughing and sneezing. Cook them better when cooking without eating, avoiding people getting too close to colds or flu-like symptoms. And the eggs must be cooked and eaten. Also reduce exposure to animals. According to a report, some scientists in Germany have crossed the first stage of the vaccine preparation formula. So that the official medicine for the disease will be announced soon. What is the Corona Virus? Corona virus entry into China, India, Learn what are the symptoms and how to save.
The number of deaths from corona viruses rises to 56, the number to 2,000: everything we know. 	"The number of deaths from corona viruses rises to 56, the number to 2,000: everything we know The number of deaths from corona viruses rises to 56, the number to 2,000: everything we know Google + Robert Rodriguez / CNET A virus never seen in the Chinese city of Wuhan has claimed more than 50 lives and infected nearly 2,000 Chinese citizens with pneumonia, according to the Chinese Health Commission. The virus was first reported to the World Health Organization (WHO) on December 31 and has been examined since then. Chinese scientists have linked the disease to a family of viruses known as coronaviruses which include lethal SARS and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS). On Friday, the French authorities confirmed three cases within the country, the first known cases in Europe. The same day, Australia announced its first confirmed case, and the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) announced a second case in the United States, this time in Chicago. According to Dr. Nancy Messonnier of the CDC is currently testing more than 60 patients for possible infections in over 20 states. On Saturday, the State Department asked US Consulate employees in Wuhan to leave the city.
Scientists have not yet fully understood the destructive potential of the new 2019 nCoV virus. Researchers and researchers are just beginning to find out where it comes from, how it is transmitted and how widespread it has been.
On Saturday, the number of cases in China and abroad rose to over 1,900. The Chinese authorities also confirmed that healthcare professionals have been infected with the virus, suggesting that human-to-human transmission is possible.
The authorities take measures to prevent the spread of 2019-nCoV. On Thursday a special WHO committee decided that it was too early to explain a health emergency on a global level. On Saturday, however, Hong Kong declared a citywide emergency as the highest warning level. All official Chinese New Year celebrations have been canceled and school holidays have been extended until February 17th. Also on Saturday, China announced that it would run out of travel Monday for some of its citizens traveling abroad, including suspending tour groups and temporarily stopping the sale of flight and hotel packages.
The situation is developing rapidly. We've put together everything we know about the mystery virus, what's next for researchers, and what steps you can take to reduce your risk.
Now Playing: Deadly Corona Virus Detected in the USA
1:41 What is a corona virus?
Coronaviruses belong to a family known as Coronaviridae and look like spiked rings under an electron microscope. They are named after these spines, which form a halo around their viral envelope.
Coronaviruses contain an RNA strand in their shell and cannot multiply without entering living cells and hijacking their machinery. The spikes on the viral envelope help them bind to cells, which helps them find a way in. It's like opening the door with C4. Inside, they transform the cell into a virus factory and use their molecular conveyor belt to produce more viruses that are then dispatched. The virus progeny infect other cells and the cycle starts again.
These types of viruses typically occur in animals, which range from farm animals and domestic animals to wild animals such as bats. When jumping to people, they can cause fever, respiratory problems, and inflammation in the lungs. Such viruses can cause serious respiratory diseases in immunocompromised people such as the elderly or people with HIV-AIDS.
Extremely pathogenic coronaviruses stood behind SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) and MERS and could easily be transmitted from person to person. SARS, which occurred in the early 2000s, infected more than 8,000 people and resulted in nearly 800 deaths. MERS, which emerged in the early 2010s, infected nearly 2,500 people and resulted in more than 850 deaths. Where did the virus come from?
The virus appears to have its origins in the Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market in Wuhan, a Chinese city about 650 miles south of Beijing where more than 11 million people live. Fish and meat from other animals such as bats and snakes are sold on the market. The Wuhan market was closed on January 1st.
Markets have been involved in the development and spread of viral diseases in previous epidemics, and a large majority of people have confirmed that they have been infected with this corona virus in the past few weeks. The market seems to be an integral part of the puzzle, but researchers need to do a number of experiments and tests to confirm the virus's origin.
""Testing animals in the Wuhan area, including sampling from markets, will provide more information,"" said Raina MacIntyre, director of the Biosafety Research Program at the Kirby Institute at the University of New South Wales.
A report by a Chinese research team in the Journal of Medical Virology on Wednesday indicated that snakes were the most likely wildlife reservoir for 2019-nCoV. The work examined the genetic code of the virus and compared it to that of two types of snakes, the multi-volume krait and the Chinese cobra. The investigation showed that the snake's genetic code is very similar to the virus."
This Is What Happened After One Chinese Company Rushed To Reopen After The Corona-Chaos. 	"Earlier today, Rabobank's Michael Every laid out succinctly the dilemma facing Beijing, when he said that ""China appears to have perhaps decided that the economic damage being wrought by a demand collapse and supply-chain shutdown is just too much to bear."" As reported overnight, Xi Jinping stated that China will meet its economic goals AND win the battle vs. the virus, and Beijing is urging firms to increase output even as the capital itself is largely locked down – and other cities are physically locking people into their homes. That’s as even the US admits that the Phase One trade deal will be slow off the market due to the virus impact.
Of course, China is no stranger to Double Think: as Every put it, ""a freely-floating, controlled currency; market-determined, state-directed interest rates; and free-trade mercantilism. Yet increase economic activity from here and the virus will spread, both internally and globally. Concentrate on just the virus, and the local and global economic impact will be enormous.""
That, in a nutshell, was how Rabobank saw China's ""dialectic that has no comfortable Fichtean synthesis to the thesis and antithesis"" and concluded that ""things are going to get nasty for economies and markets – especially with official WHO word that a vaccine is 18-months away.""
Today, two days after China officially returned to work, we got the first confirmation of just how catastrophic Beijing's order to local enterprises and businesses to rush back reboot the economy could be, when Jennifer Zeng reported that a company in Suzhou reopened, and immediately at least one CoVid2019 case found. As a result, the company's 200+ employees couldn't go home and were immediately placed under quarantine. At least the workers managed to ""organize"" quilts for themselves. Company in #Suzhou reopened. One #CoVid2019 case found. Over 200 employed couldn't go home and immediately under quarantine. They managed to organize quilts for themselves. 
This is just the first such case. Expect many more - especially across Hubei and its neighboring provinces - as latent cases of Coronavirus which were never caught and cured spark new infections and mini epidemics, all of which dutifully captured on a smartphone clip for everyone in China to watch and freak out even more.
Which reminds us of another comment from Rabobank, which last week explained why the dilemma facing China is ""truly awful"":
The quandary for China between releasing the quarantine straitjacket in days to stop its economy from getting truly sick, and allowing a virus like this to spread further as people start to mingle again is truly awful. There are no good options. For a world with a serious lack of final end-demand, and which has been relying on China, along with increasingly “Chinese” central banks, this is going to be a nasty shock either way that Mr Market is treating like he is Mr Magoo.
And since Beijing has no way out, especially since the epidemic is still raging despite Beijing's ""doctored"", no pun intended, infection and death numbers, expect China to unleash the most draconian censorship crackdown on any reports Covid-2019 has not only not been purged but is making unwelcome appearances across China's enterprises, which will be quietly put under blanket quarantine even as Beijing pretends that all is well and its economy is once again humming on all cylinders until eventually the epidemic reaches a critical mass and China has no choice but to once again admit the full extent of the social and economic fallout. And just like in the case of SARS, don't expect such ""honesty"" to emerge for at least several weeks if not months. "
Clover produces subunit vaccine candidate for coronavirus, 2019-nCoV. 	"Clover Biopharmaceuticals has successfully produced its trimeric Spike-protein (S-Trimer) subunit vaccine candidate for the 2019-nCoV coronavirus via a mammalian cell expression system.
Additionally, scientists from the Chinese biotech had used the newly obtained S-Trimer and successfully detected antigen-specific antibody in sera from multiple fully recovered patients who were previously infected by the virus.
Clover said it is the first company in the world to disclose a 2019-nCoV vaccine candidate that can successfully be recognised by antibodies produced by previously-infected patients, supporting that S-Trimer has preserved the native structure of the viral spike (S) protein and thus may elicit a protective-immune response as a vaccine.
Like other enveloped RNA viruses such as HIV, RSV and Influenza, 2019-nCoV is also an RNA virus that has a trimeric spike (S) protein on its viral envelope.
The trimeric S protein of 2019-nCoV is responsible for binding to host cell surface receptor ACE2 and subsequent viral entry. Symptoms in infected patients include fever, coughing and breathing difficulties, and it can be fatal.
Upon knowing the genomic DNA sequence of this newly identified 2019-nCoV last month, Clover scientists immediately started designing the viral S-protein construct and completed its gene synthesis.
Utilising its patented Trimer-Tag technology, Clover has produced a S-Trimer subunit vaccine that resembles the native trimeric viral spike via a rapid mammalian cell-culture based expression system.
Having one of the largest in-house, commercial-scale cGMP biomanufacturing capabilities in China, Clover could potentially be able to rapidly scale-up and produce large-quantities of a new coronavirus vaccine.
“The implication of this discovery is that it not only has validated the correct conformation of our S-Trimer subunit vaccine candidate, but also further supports that the new 2019-nCov virus is indeed the culprit for the current epidemic, since all previous diagnosis for the viral infections have been based on nucleic acid detection,” said Peng Liang, co-founder, Chairman and President of Clover.
“This important finding forms a solid foundation for the continued rapid development of S-Trimer vaccine through pilot production, preclinical efficacy and safety studies, followed by human clinical trials and subsequent large-scale production.
“We remain confident that Clover can be among one of the first companies to develop a successful vaccine to contain the 2019-nCoV epidemic, as well as any future outbreaks of similar coronaviruses”. "
Announcement from MAYAPUR in relation to the Corona Virus. 	"Dandavats! All Glories to Sri Guru and Sri Gauranga! Announcement from MAYAPUR in relation to the Corona Virus Friday, 31 January 2020 / Published in Recent Media / 545 views
VERY IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT FROM MAYAPUR Dear Devotees,
Please accept our humble obeisances. All glories to Srila Prabhupada, Guru and Gauranga.
Given the evolving situation in China with the deadly strain of the Corona Virus, we sincerely send our heartfelt prayers to our Lord Nrsingha Deva on behalf of all those affected.
After meeting with the Mayapur Community Hospital members and the Mayapur Management Committee, effective immediately we recommend the following:
Those who may want to come to Mayapur from China, or other countries and areas in close proximity to outbreaks of this virus, or those with any symptoms of fever, cough, runny nose or breathing difficulties to please refrain from coming to Mayapur until we are able to further advise you, given the evolving nature of this outbreak.
Though this news is certainly disheartening for all of us, we feel that this is in the best interest of all devotees during the coming festival season.
With love and prayers,"
The Corona Virus Challenge, Nigeria And Other Responses By Reuben Abati. 	"The biggest threat to our collective humanity today is not the suspected threat of a Third World War, but a corrosive, debilitating, murderous pathogen known as new Corona Virus. The fear of a World War III was fuelled by tensions and differences among key super powers dictating contemporary geo-politics notably: the United States, China, Iran, Iraq, Israel, North Korea, South Korea and the entire Middle East. But while relationships with the world’s power axis will always have implications for global peace, security and stability, the biggest and the most urgent threat by far is the outbreak of a new strain of the Corona Virus, in Wuhan, China which has within a short space of one month shown the vulnerability of man, the conflict between man and biology, and the limitations of science in the face of an immediate, accidental, unforeseeable, pathogenic onslaught.
The first case of Corona Virus was reported just before the Chinese Lunar New Year 2020 celebrations, and since then, the new virus has defied both man and science. On January 28, the highest number of reported cases was reported, but by Monday, February 10, that had jumped exponentially to 97 casualties per day and total cases in excess of 40, 000, with 908 persons reported dead. The statistics and the sero-prevalence rate seem unprecedented, far worse than the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome of 2003 which claimed 774 lives. The World Health Organization has classified the new Corona Virus as a public health emergency of international concern, a delicate, diplomatic phrasing which barely stops short of declaring the nCoV-2019, as it is otherwise known, a global pandemic – considering the fact that mainland China, especially Wuhan, a city of 11 million people and the Hubei province in general, remain the epicenter – 99% of reported cases are in mainland China and out of the total number of deaths, only two have occurred outside China. READ Stephen Keshi Stadium To Be Completed In Two Months, Says Okowa
The Director General of the World Health Organization (WHO) has commended China for its efforts at prevention and containment, even if the Politburo, the highest political body in China has had to express regrets for “failing” the people. The truth is: China is overwhelmed. Businesses have been affected, the stock market is down, lives are threatened, over 40 million people are in quarantine. China is engaging the world as the epicenter of a crisis, the global economy is likely to be affected given China’s strategic importance, and yet nobody knows when the Corona virus will ease off, or when scientists will find a cure. It is not only China that is at risk, it is the entire world. Our civilization is under threat and of course, the tragedy is man-made. These are the cold, uncomfortable facts as at the time of this writing. The Corona Virus has brought the entire world to the precipice of uncertainty and disaster. It reminds us collectively of our mortality and the common humanity and vulnerability that we share.
Globalization turned the world into a small village, technology erased distances, but in the face of a global scourge like new Corona Virus, the world has turned into a much smaller village. Most of the people and countries that are taking precautions against Corona Virus don’t even know where Wuhan is on the map. Some people ate snake meat or is it Pangolin or bat meat in Wuhan and they got infected with a virus – animal to man transmission, which has now spread to over 27 countries and mutated as a deadly human-to-human communicable disease. China which is ordinarily regarded as a major superpower has suddenly become a pariah nation. Countries have issued travel alerts to their citizens: do not go to China, and those who are in China are being evacuated and whoever arrives from China is immediately quarantined for two weeks.
This is the same China that only recently engaged the United States in a trade war. The same China is now the diseased nation that nobody wants to touch. Imports from China have been suspended. Trips to China have been put on hold. China’s tourism industry is bound to suffer. Who wants to go to a country where a virus is on rampage, and the air is polluted? It is not for nothing that the media in Europe has dubbed the Corona Virus, the China Virus – an average Chinese citizen would not like that – but the truth is that the new Corona Virus wears the toga of a nationality. Before it, there was the Swine flu (2009), Polio (2014), Zika (2016), Ebola (2014, 2019) but it is the new Corona Virus that has obtained a national passport and an identification tag of notorious universal recognition. This may have translated into racist conclusions about Chinese identity and cuisine. I have heard allegations that the Chinese eat anything and everything, including animals that are considered a taboo in many cultures – Bats? Cockroaches? Rats? Snakes? Millipedes and centipedes? Monkeys? Pangolin? E-eeish! It is said that the Chinese have brought this latest biological dissonance upon humanity because of their unusual culinary taste. I know people who have simply opted to stay away from anything Chinese in the meantime, until there is some certainty about what exactly is going on. I wanted to order food from a Chinese Restaurant the other day. I was quietly reminded of Corona Virus. I had no option but to restrain my palate. I wanted Chinese balm, a popular product in Nigeria, a few days later. I was also advised to be careful. I ignored that advice. The labelling of everything Chinese as an item crowned by a virus is exaggerated and overblown. But as Nigerians would say in pidgin English: who wan die?
This is probably why every country and institution is taking precautions. The United Kingdom, Australia, South Korea, Singapore and New Zealand have had cause to evacuate their citizens from China. Airlines including FinnAir, American Airlines, United, Cathay Pacific, Air India, Ethiopian Airlines, British Airways, Air Asia, and Lufthansa have either stopped flights to China or reduced their Chinese operations by 90%. The effect is that supply chains have been disrupted with consequences for trade performance. The global economy is bound to slow down in the long run if this situation persists. But what is perhaps more relevant to us should be this: How prepared is Africa and particularly Nigeria? I don’t think Africa is prepared at all, and we are likely to be worst hit should the virus make an effective landing in our continent.
For now across Africa, we have only heard of suspected cases: in Ghana where there were two suspected cases involving a Chinese and an Argentine who returned from China, but the result was negative in both cases. Suspected cases in Ethiopia, Ivory Coast, Kenya and Botswana have also proven negative. The only reported case of infection involving an African is that of a Cameroonian student living in Wuhan. Kenya has taken steps to evacuate its students in China. Mozambique has suspended its visa on arrival policy. Africa and South America seem insulated from the scourge so far. But for how much longer? The Chinese Lunar New Year Holiday was extended, in the face of the outbreak of the virus, but that holiday ended yesterday, Monday, February 10. Using that as guide, if there was any Chinese living in Africa or doing business in Africa, he or she is likely to return to base after the holiday. In the last decade or more, Sino-African relationship has grown tremendously, China seeking to fill a vacuum inadvertently created by the EU and the United States, has increased its scope of influence in Africa through friendly loans, investments and cultural outreach. It is not an accident that African leaders at the just concluded 33rd AU Heads of State Summit in Addis Ababa expressed solidarity with China! The Chinese presence in Africa is unmistakable and it is quite pronounced in a country like Nigeria where the Chinese are involved in significant sectors of the economy including oil and gas, telecommunications, manufacturing, infrastructure, SMEs and retail trade. This week, all the Chinese who went home on holiday will start returning one after the other.
When the story of the Corona Virus broke, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) was most unusually proactive, which I think is commendable. The Federal Ministry of Health quickly followed suit, to educate Nigerians about the threat of the Corona Virus. Preventive guidelines were announced, and a travel advisory was issued. This is indeed commendable, even if the efforts were not translated into local, indigenous languages, that is – the languages of the majority of Nigerians. The campaign has thus far been so elitist and restricted. In due course, the Nigerian authorities further announced that the Federal Government had established eight isolation centres as follows: in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) and seven states of the Federation – Lagos, Akwa Ibom, Rivers, Enugu, Delta, Cross River and Kano. The problem is that nobody knows exactly where these isolation centres are located.
The relevant authorities tell us that in preparing for the Corona Virus which has not yet been reported in Nigeria, they are relying on the protocols and infrastructure already put in place in 2014 to combat the Ebola Virus. In 2014, Nigeria was confronted with the Ebola Virus crisis, introduced to the country by a traveler from Liberia who came to Nigeria to seek spiritual cure for Ebola. Knowledge and experience can definitely prove useful in everything including a biological and pharmaceutical crisis such as Corona Virus. But has Nigeria done enough or is Nigeria prepared? I don’t think so. There is definitely no evidence that we have enough medical counter-measures to protect the medical and public health personnel who are supposed to man our ports. A gentleman who just returned from Chicago reported on live television and I have no cause to doubt him, that the situation at the Murtala Muhammad International Airport in Lagos, to cite a specific example, is chaotic and below standard practice. Government officials pretend to check for high temperature and other symptoms but they are not protected. Nigeria has not made any provision for medical counter measures. Nigeria is sending medical personnel and Ministry officials to the ports to put them at risk. Until we have another case of Stella Adadevoh, like Li Weliang, the Chinese whistleblower who paid the supreme price for Corona Virus, the Nigerian government is not likely to wake up. That is unacceptable.
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control and the Federal Ministry of Health and state governments have to do a lot more. I will comment on the latter. As at this moment, only three states – Lagos, Ebonyi and Ogun out of the 36 states of the Federation would seem to have shown interest in the Corona Virus prevention campaign. We expect every state of the Federation, close as they are to the grassroots, to take up the campaign and inform the populace appropriately. At the national level, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control and the Federal Ministry of Health will also need to address what has become around the subject of Corona Virus, an “infodemic crisis” – that is the crisis of conspiracy theories and misinformation and hazardous false information. Is the Corona Virus a biological weapon?. Really? Is it a strategy by big pharmaceutical companies to enlarge market and increase profit? President Donald Trump and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation have also been linked to the conspiracy. Does that make sense? We have also been told that eating garlic or drinking a bleach concoction can help prevent a Corona Virus infection. Is that true? The Nigerian agencies are yet to respond to this. They should. They should take the additional step of addressing the spiritual question which determines everything in Nigeria from politics to business. Is Corona Virus a spiritual affliction or biology gone awry? If care is not taken, Nigerian shamanists, prophets, traditionalists and pastors will soon take advantage of the uncertainty to claim that they had predicted the occurrence of the virus and that, indeed they have the solution. Government should immediately arrest anyone who mouths such idiocy. Our only hope is that the Corona Virus will never make its way here, but as the Boys Scouts motto states, we should “Be Prepared”. The bad news is that there is no effective treatment for the virus. And a worse virus may soon show up, leaving humanity effectively at the mercy of disease and the environment."
Wired: Those that equate 2019-nCoV with Influenza are equal parts asshole and moron. 	The problem still goes back to accuracy and transparency. Five years ago, if this had happened in most parts of the world, I would have no problem listening to the experts, media, and government types with a pretty good level of calmness. These days, the fact that it's coming from China, and the media complicity in not demanding 100% accuracy with government statements, I'm very skeptical. I simply don't trust my government, the press in either country, or the Chinese government.Flu is a known quantity. I know the risks, I mitigate them with good choices on my part, and have for many years. OTOH, this hot mess in China is murky, and not getting clearer. So until further notice, isolation and testing of possible carriers or victims is fine by me. Once we have a bunch of countries with more normal heads of state and media reporting in, then I'll start thinking about coronavirus the way I think about other lethal but rare outbreaks around the world.Or stop being racist Err, you are confusing racism with distrusting a communist government with a known hostory of saying 'Everything is fine' as the house burns down.That punishes officials and citizens for leaking bad news, and conversely, executing them for not dealing with said bad news before it got out of hand and made world news. If you dont think there are going to executiOns for this, you live in a dream world.Anything that makes the party look bad is censored.... so yes, lets wait for a country with some known history of honesty to start producing reliable numbers.
Centre comes into action after Novel Corona Virus outbreak in China. 	"New Delhi Witnessing deadly outbreak of Novel Coronavirus ( nCoV ) in China, the Centre is aggressively reviewing the situation in India. The Union Health Ministry is monitoring the situation in collaboration with the World Health Organization (WHO).
So far, the fatal virus has claimed 41 lives including one death from Wuhan city in China on till January 5. Till date, the deadly nCoV virus has very little evidence of significant human-to-human transmission. Although as per WHO's risk assessment, the risk for global spread has been stated as low, however, maintaining good hygiene is a key priority.
Union Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Harsh Vardhan , said: ""We are closely monitoring the situation after the reports of 41 confirmed cases of novel Coronavirus ( nCoV ) in China. The Health Ministry has issued necessary directions to all concerned on laboratory diagnosis, surveillance, infection prevention and control (IPC) and risk communication.""
""Our Integrated Disease Surveillance Program (IDSP) is geared up for community surveillance and contact tracing,"" he said.
The National Institute of Virology (NIV) in Pune and ICMR Laboratory is coordinating the testing of samples for nCoV in the country.
According to WHO, the situation is still evolving and preliminary investigations suggest a link to the seafood market. Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses, which cause illnesses to people and also circulate in animals including camels, cats and bats. Rarely, animal coronaviruses can also evolve and infect people.
Preeti Sudan, Secretary at the Union Health Ministry said: ""The Centre is reviewing the public health preparedness every day for timely detection if any and manage the importation of the nCoV into the country.""
Preeti said: ""We have coordinated with Ministry of Civil Aviation and the airport officials have been instructed screening of international travellers from China at designated airports namely, Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata through thermal scanners. In-flight announcements are also being made for sensitising travellers.""
""We are also in touch with the Ministry of External Affairs, and the immigration officers at the airports are being sensitized,"" Preeti said.
The hospital preparedness with regard to management and infection prevention control facilities has been also reviewed during high-level meetings and advisories, and IPC Guidelines have been shared with the States.
Adequate stocks of logistics including PPE is available. State governments have also been advised on the necessary precaution to be taken up on the issue. "
CORONA VIRUS UPDATE. 	BarkGrowlBite Published by an old curmudgeon who came to America in 1936 as a refugee from Nazi Germany and proudly served in the U.S. Army during World War II. He is a former law enforcement officer and a retired professor of criminal justice who, in 1970, founded the Texas Narcotic Officers Association. BarkGrowlBite refuses to be politically correct. (Copyrighted articles are reproduced in accordance with the copyright laws of the U.S. Code, Title 17, Section 107.) Monday, January 27, 2020 CORONA VIRUS UPDATE by Bob Walsh There are now 41 known deaths from this virus in China. The Chinese authorities are building two brand new hospitals on an emergency basis to deal with what they believe will be the intake from the disease. It seems to be fairly easy to transmit. In one case in China the entire operating theater staff who were operating on a patient who was not known at the time to have the virus came down with it and they were all (presumably) wearing routine surgical protective clothing during the operation. It is most dangerous to people who already have a crappy immune system. It presents first as a mild cough that turns into pneumonia-like symptoms including serious shortness of breath, which normally leads to contact with the health care system. There are now 15 cities in various forms of travel restriction in China. There are at least two known cases in the U. S., with several dozen more suspected cases. Travelers from China are being screened at U S airports that accept flights from China. The virus is thought to be less virulent than the SARS virus that killed 774 people in Asia 17 years ago. The death rate of the SARS virus was about 1% of those known to be infected. 
China’s Corona Virus Handling: The Transparency Question. 	"The Chinese regime promises maximum transparency in dealing with the corona virus. The question is how serious the powerful in Beijing are. Police officer: inside and travelers in Shanghai wear respirators Anyone who places the face protection of politicians above the interests of the people will go down as a sinner in the eternal history of the party and the people. ” Right distributed by China’s Communist Party on its social media channel. This apparently follows the insight that the initial cover-up by the Chinese authorities played an inglorious role in the Sars 2002/03 lung disease crisis: as a result, the number of victims increased and 800 people were killed, and the population’s confidence was lost , Sars had then broken out in the hinterland of Hong Kong in the Guangdong province. Because the authorities initially covered up the problem, autonomous Hong Kong became a hotspot for the dangerous infectious disease. China’s regime is still struggling with the loss of confidence there, as the ongoing protests show. The scandals of contaminated milk powder in 2008 and a rapid train accident in 2011, which were also hushed up, sowed further distrust. In times of social media, this can quickly turn into a political crisis for any regime. China’s powerful head of state and party leader Xi Jinping, under whose rule there was a strong centralization of power, appears to be aware of the political danger and has positioned itself clearly at the beginning of the week with the call for “comprehensive measures to prevent and control” the virus. He has made combating the corona virus his own affair and linked it to his image at home and abroad. So far, observers have certified that the regime has responded appropriately to the crisis, has included well-respected experts at an early stage and has given information in a fairly open manner. It is of course much too early for a final assessment. But already now the question arises how transparent a regime can be at all, which otherwise knows no transparency for reasons of political power and is much more based on the principles of control, whitewashing as well as command and obedience. A Hong Kong communications scientist has determined that China’s regime continues to act according to its usual mechanisms: the information, the media, and the narrative are controlled, giving the impression that the government is in control of the situation. The fact that the call quoted at the beginning was deleted after only a few hours shows that the regime is still struggling to the right degree and that the transparency demanded by some continues to have narrow limits.
,"
Corona virus: What kind of 'enmity' of Pakistan, prevented the people trapped in China between Karona from taking help from India! - pakistan refuses to seek india's help in china amid corona infection. 	"External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar gave the reply in Rajya Sabha on Karona virus. Highlights The state of affairs in China is vital due to the infection of the Karona virus. Every nation is attempting to evacuate its residents from China India can also be sending particular plane to evacuate its residents
new Delhi Due to Karona virus infection, there may be an environment of panic in the complete of China. In such a state of affairs, each nation is attempting to take away its residents from there. The Indian authorities can also be repeatedly expelling its residents from China. Not solely this, India has additionally instructed the neighboring international locations that India is prepared to help them evacuate their residents from China if they need. Maldives has taken benefit of this provide from India. Students from Maldives stranded in China have returned by Indian plane. Pakistan has not taken benefit of this provide from India at current.BJP MP in Parliament Rupa Ganguly, whereas asking the authorities to make clear, needed to know if the Indian authorities would make any effort to carry Pakistani residents trapped in Wuhan to China, as the nation had earlier in the world, in this fashion, the residents of different international locations Has taken initiative to help.
On this, Foreign Minister S Jaishankar stated that college students from all neighboring international locations, together with Pakistan, had been additionally provided to be introduced by Indian planes, which seven college students from Maldives took benefit of. Remind you right here that in the occasion of warfare in Yemen and Libya, India together with its residents had evacuated the Pakistanis. Because of this, the then Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj was appreciated worldwide.
Let me inform you right here that since the elimination of Article 370 in Jammu and Kashmir on August 5 final yr, the relationship between India and Pakistan has remained robust. Despite Jammu and Kashmir being an inside concern of India, Pakistan is repeatedly elevating this concern in worldwide boards.
80 Indian college students are nonetheless trapped in China The authorities instructed the Rajya Sabha on Friday that to date 80 Indian college students are current in the badly affected Wuhan area in China. In the Rajya Sabha, Foreign Minister S Jaishankar gave this info to the House. Earlier, Health and Family Welfare Minister Dr. Harshvardhan had learn an announcement on his behalf about the Karona virus. On that assertion, members of numerous events had requested him for clarification and in response to these explanations, the Foreign Minister gave this info.
The Foreign Minister stated that the Government of India had despatched two flights to carry dwelling Indian college students to Wuhan area of China. He instructed that 80 Indian college students are nonetheless in Wuhan. Of these, 70 college students voluntarily stayed there. He stated that ten Indian college students had come to the airport in China. But he was not allowed by the Chinese authorities to depart the nation due to fever.
Jaishankar assured the House that the authorities was making all efforts to help Indian residents in China. He instructed that two officers of the Indian Embassy from Beijing additionally went to Wuhan to ship the college students again dwelling. Members of the Foreign Minister welcomed this announcement by tapping the tables. Jaishankar stated that when Indian flights went to Wuhan, it was provided that any scholar from neighboring international locations might come to India from these flights. He stated that seven college students from Maldives took benefit of this provide.
Health Minister Dr. Harshvardhan stated in an announcement that to date three constructive instances of karona virus have been detected from Kerala. All three have a historical past of touring to Wuhan, China. He stated that these three people have been separated and on medical grounds their standing is acknowledged to be secure. Harshvardhan stated that the authorities has fashioned a gaggle of ministers below the chairmanship of Health and Family Welfare Minister to monitor the state of affairs."
Precious Casino industry, new Corona, emergency... Restrictions on cluster.. 	Precious Casino industry, new Corona, emergency. Restrictions on cluster. Precious Casino industry, new Corona, emergency... Restrictions on cluster. The Korean casino business is on alert for the unfold of the new coronavirus, mentioned as “pneumonia.” According to the Korea Casino-Business Tourism Association, Parade runs a foreigner-only among the wake of heightened anxiety as results of the recent unfold of the new coronavirus infection. Is and GPL Casino same they need restricted Chinese cluster tourists from returning into the country since last Friday. Chinese tourists on same individual travelers are allowed to enter, however Chinese nationals living in Wuhan, China, are prohibited from returning into casinos. Paradise, the longest-running casino company in Korea, is Seoul Walker hill and Inchon Para. Five casinos in Susan and EU, aboard Is City, that the Korea Tourism Organization's subsidiary GPL runs 3 casinos -- Codex in southern Seoul, Hilton in northern Seoul and Lott in Susan. “With the recent unfold of recent coronavirus infections, foreign-only casinos are limiting the entry of tourists from Chinese teams since last Friday,” a suggestion at the casino association said. “Even if sales decrease, it's that the soul as results of ensure the protection of our customers and employees.” “Foreign casinos specially are equipped with thermal cameras at their entrances and are fastidiously checking customers’ heat levels,” he said. “We expect the new Corona crisis to be completed as shortly as possible, however it's unfortunate that it'll continue for a substantial time now.” On the choice hand, Rangoon Land, that has very little or no access to Chinese tourists among foreigners, on raised its alert level and took a radical response to the unfold of hysteria over the infection of the new coronavirus from last Friday. Rangoon Land same it's ten deterioration cameras, hand sanitizers and masks at the door to the casino on the fourth floor of the Grand Hotel and is completely responding to shopper safety. “Gang won Land could even be grade wherever Chinese cluster tourists are rare and individual tourists use casinos once visiting ski resorts,” a Gang won Land official said. “We are responding quickly to the new virus, however there aren't any plans to limit Chinese cluster tourists from entering.” According to knowledge from the Korea Business Administration and Industry Integration Supervision Commission, sixteen foreign-only casinos in Korea destroyed 2.83 million in 2018, with over forty percent of Chinese. Meanwhile, the “ Kingdom” Macao, wherever over 1,000,000 South Korean tourists visit annually, on ordered all Chinese from Hubei Province to depart Macao once the unfold of “Khan pneumonia,” keep with the Korean Residents Association. The target of forced entry to Macao is for all Hubei Province people that haven't any symptoms of “mild pneumonia,” whereas those in Hubei province World Health Organization don't leave Macao have determined to be forcibly housed in government-designated isolation facilities. The vary of individuals from Wuhan United Nations agency are illustrious to be staying in Macao is 1,390 and people from Hubei Province aboard Wuhan are well-known to be 2,132. In particular, the Macao government is reportedly on the aim of force Hubei residents United Nations agency refuse to simply accept quarantine facilities. The isolation facility to a lower place stood|is thought to be to a lower place necessary guard by Macao police, that have the sole authority and reputation, and might be instantly transported to a medical facility if any of the detained folks show symptoms of “depressive pneumonia.” On the choice hand, casino corporations settled in Manila, the Philippines, that's on visited by over 1.5 million South Koreans annually, are same to haven't any flinch accessing Chinese cluster tourists. According to the Korean residents' association in Manila that the casino industry, large casino resorts like resort World Manila and Oneida, COD and Slayer same there aren't any restrictions on the entry of casinos and hotels to Chinese cluster tourists despite the short unfold of “pneumonia.”
Manila Corona Virus Feb 7. 	"Woke up this morning, and was feeling a lot of cognitive dissonance.
The propaganda pushed yesterday has even put doubts, small ones in my mind.
The local survivalist FB group has banned all posts from Dr. John Campbell, claiming fake news.
FB has not shown me any corona virus posts nor has any of my posts yesterday about the subject received any likes or comments. On the other hand my post of some recycled plastic, gathered a lot of views.
The meme of ""inflenza is worse"" keeps popping up and those are using numbers of sick, vs deaths. Rather they should be using deaths vs recovered as in the SARS numbers. Then we are seeing a much greater sick rate.
Also those at present reported sick in the west are getting the best of the best treatment, which of course will throw off the statistics when the contagion spreads.
Also a lot of WHO and Chinese gov sponsored ads regarding the virus showing up.
Yet if Influenza is worse, why then would they close Macau and restrict everyone indoors?
Less usage of masks observed today. I wish I could of snapped a picture of the cashier girl at the store checkout today. She covered her mouth, but not her nose with a hospital mask. It was effectively useless. I saw several like that at the Wilcon Home Depot store yesterday.
I stocked up on some tools, for a project to make another polyester fiber machine, and a few other things on my wish list that was very cheap cost.
My personal risk for today is low but grows each day to contract something, so the hard part is to know if or when to close the doors.
Yesterday, I checked prices for steel bar stock, and welded up some weak spots on my steel fence.
If or when the time comes, I have a big section of steel fence that is redundant because the neighbor built a concrete block wall on the other side. I will get some concrete anchor bolts, cut and weld up some window bars and shoot some bolts into the walls with the hammer drill.
If it gets loose in the slums it will be anarchy. People will not even give any courtesy driving now during good times. Imagine when it gets bad.
Even still, it is hard to imagine this scenario. Weather is nice, sales are good, and people are over the scare from last weekend. back to anarchy as usual.
Meanwhile a Chinese cruise ship docked and had around 700 people walk around Manila, then it ended up quarantine a few days later. "
Corona-phobia: Like SARS, coronavirus fear feeds racism - DW (English). 	"The outbreak of novel coronavirus (nCoV) in China has ushered three P-shaped elephants into the room: three things we don&apos;t want to name. First, there&apos;s pandemic. Second, there&apos;s panic. And third, there&apos;s phobia. But the greatest of these, to misQuote: the Corinthians, is phobia.
As in xenophobia. And racism.
How Africa is preparing for the coronavirus
The Biblical reference is not for nothing. Consider how illness and healing is handled in the New Testament ... Those who had leprosy were burned in Hinnom (Gehenna) Valley, which an Associated Press news agency report once cited as a ""synonym for Hell.""
But when the sick were healed, they are brought back into the fold.
Anecdotal vs. evidence-based research
The number of anecdotal reports of racism or xenophobia against Chinese people, or people who non-Chinese perceive to be Chinese, has been on the rise since the virus went global.
As its anecdotal evidence, we feel it&apos;s okay to look away, with a shrug of ""We&apos;re not racist!""
But that&apos;s the very problem with such irrational feelings. They are almost impossible to track if you discount anecdotal evidence. Especially as journalists, it pays to keep your eyes and ears open, rather than merely relying on carefully crafted briefs from researchers or politicians. At the same time, there is a dearth of reliable evidence. Some numbers may even mislead us.
For instance, I could tell you that there&apos;s a statistical, high probability that people from China, or those who have traveled through Asia, will have a greater risk of catching the virus than you in some quiet American suburb. And you would think, ""Hmm, makes sense."" But without painstakingly checking a variety of data points, all you would have is a spurious logic to substantiate what we in the industry term BS.
A U.N. report called ""Dimensions of Racism"" calls for more disaggregated evidence that includes specific information on race and ethnic groups, even though ""biologically, there is only one human race.""
Viral on social
For now, you read posts on social media, where an Asian Supermarket in the German city of Cologne is at pains to make customers realize that ""We are not the virus!"" You hear stories, such as one from a colleague who just got back from my native London, where they saw passengers on public transport ""pulling their shirts up over their noses [as is if this would save them] when sitting near East Asian-looking people.""
Or you take a hard look at yourself, as this writer did the other day. Consequently, I&apos;m prepared to out myself here as a racist and/or xenophobe (more on which in a moment). I was doing the weekly shop and happened to see a sack of oranges on special discount. Then I noticed they were from China, and I laughed to myself, ""I&apos;m not touching those! Anyway, they&apos;re probably reduced to clear because of the lurgy!""
At the next shop I saw two people who may or may not have been Chinese, but they looked close enough for my irrational mind, and I kept starring at them, thinking, ""Have they just flown in? Have they brought the coronavirus to my quiet neighborhood?""
I went home and wiped every item I had bought. And then I thought, ""You bl**dy fool, Zulfikar! You bl**dy racist fool!""
German coronavirus evacuee describes life in quarantine
That poor couple, out doing the weekly shop like me, must have felt so objectified and they may not have even been Chinese, or from Wuhan. Or again, like me, a half-Indian who&apos;s never been to India, they may have never visited the country of their parents or grandparents birth.
Corkscrew of fear and loathing
The current case of coronavirus is a little complicated.
To start with we&apos;re dealing with a relatively unknown virus. Scientists don&apos;t know enough to understand how it spreads or develops, and as a result, how it can be stopped. And that sense of ""unknown unknowns,"" to misQuote: yet again, this time former US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, is a natural breeding ground for fear, irrational feelings of distrust, disgust, hate, racism and xenophobia.
That U.N. report describes xenophobia as including behavior that rejects, excludes and vilifies people ""based on the perception"" that they are ""outsiders."" Medically justified as they may be, national programs that remove and quarantine ""plane loads"" of people from Wuhan to Australia&apos;s Christmas Island or to military bases in the UK feeds into such perceptions.
As with the Biblical reference, Rumsfeld was not for nothing either. Rumsfeld and the George Bush Junior administration he served between 2001 and 2006 used that sense of unknown threats to leverage support for a Middle East war and an Islamophobia, encouraged with images of bearded Muslim bogeymen, which quickly transpired.
But then, when it comes to China, what extra leverage do people need?
We in the ""West"" already harbor feelings of distrust and xenophobia against the Chinese state and the people who live there - whether they&apos;re Chinese or not. We&apos;re perfectly happy to buy the iPhones they manufacture, but we sure as Hinnom don&apos;t want the Chinese firm Huawei anywhere near our 5G networks. They will spy on us, surely.
And it&apos;s happened before
The trouble is, we often don&apos;t even realize we&apos;re doing it. Which is part of the same kind of complacency and idiocy inherent in racism itself. So, for instance, UC Berkley may have thought it was doing students a favor when the university&apos;s health center said that ""normal reactions"" to coronavirus included panic, anger, hyper-vigilance to health and . wait for it . xenophobia.
But is it really? Normal? I suppose if a lot of people feel that way, you could say it is kind of normal. But that doesn&apos;t make it right. UC Berkeley was accused of ""normalizing racism"" (as reported in the The Washington Post) and apologized for the advice (my emphasis).
Only I would say a certain level of normalization is necessary. Without normalization, we can go on refusing to accept that racism or xenophobia, and the irrational psychological feelings that feed them, exist and need to be handled head-on.
After all, we have been here before. In 2004, a year after the outbreak of SARS in Asia, researchers wrote about ""SARS-related fear, stigmatization, and discrimination."" In an opinion piece for The New York Times, Iris Chang wrote about ""Fear of SARS, Fear of Strangers,"" and led with a line about UC Berkeley (them again?) banning students from China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Singapore from all its summer programs.
Avoidance psychology
But these feelings of fear work like a corkscrew - they drill deep and risk fracturing any brittle constitution. These feelings can also endanger the perpetrators themselves.
In 2004, a paper about the ""psychology behind the masks"" referred to ""two diseases looming"" - one, the virus itself and two, that of a psychological nature. The authors write about ""panic-stricken people"" mobbing stores after a fake news article said Hong Kong would be sealed off from the world. Then, a man from Taiwan committed suicide in a hospital ward because he suspected family members had contracted the then-fatal virus. An evident, yet anecdotal, SARS-phobia was rearing its head. Now we have Corona-phobia.
Countries evacuate citizens from China as coronavirus infections rise
None of this helps anyone. In fact, it&apos;s like the 1980s panic around HIV. The unthinking among us believed we could only get HIV if we were gay or bisexual. But as early as 1988 researchers knew that wasn&apos;t true.
And yet this fear of ""the other"" prevails. My colleagues at Spectrum have spoken to Joshua Tybur, an associate professor and psychologist at the University of Amsterdam. Tybur&apos;s looked at reactions during the 2014 Ebola outbreak and found that ""infectious disease threats make individuals worried about all kinds of people from a specific area."" He says it&apos;s part of a ""pathogen avoidance psychology.""
""It doesn&apos;t take a degree in microbiology to realize that when there&apos;s an unflushed toilet in a public restroom, or there&apos;s a pile of vomit on the floor, that&apos;s something that we don&apos;t want to touch,"" says Tybur. ""And this feeling of disgust really motivates us to avoid physical contact.""
It&apos;s a good job we have nurses and doctors, who are clearly wired differently. As for the rest of us, xenophobia won&apos;t stop us catching the bug.
You can hear the full interview with Joshua Tybur on Spectrum.
 DW (English)"
Manila Corona Virus Feb 6. 	"Numbers posted by the gov are extremely false at this point.
ADV China youtube guy did a video on the reasons why. Will post a link to see his explanation, vs me re-hashing it again.
Peak Prosperity is getting a ton of flack.
My Prediction: Censored in a couple weeks is highly likely.
I pulled up the latest video and sponsored ads from the WHO popped up underneath the screen and forced the page to reload.
I am constantly getting sponsored video ads from the Chinese government propaganda channels. I click on hide, report as offensive etc and there must be a over-ride becasue the same shit keeps popping up.
I also noticed a pattern on the news feed. I am getting accurate info in the morning time here, and by afternoon/evening the feed is useless garbage as the Chinese censorship army works its magic.
Anyways key things to know.
We do not know what we do not know.
USGOV now saying via bloomberg that it is inevitable. Which was what I suspected before.
3 Cases 1 death in the Philippines. Who knows the actual numbers till a bunch pop up in the slums.
People here are complacent already.
Few guards with masks, bank has a alcohol dispenser at the door, that is the sum totality.
The few that I did observe with masks on, many of them were wearing improperly. covering the mouth, not the nose, so basically useless.
"
Afraid of Corona virus, Kim Jong killed officer who returned from China. 	"Everyone is aware of the dictatorial tendencies of North Korea&apos;s ruler Kim Jong Un. Here, the death penalty is awarded on a minor crime While efforts are being made to find cure all over the world due to corona virus infection, at the same time in North Korea, the victims of the virus are being shot dead.
According to the report, a North Korean official was kept separate at the isolation center on suspicion of coronavirus infection. But this officer mistakenly used the public bathroom, which cost him his life.
According to South Korean newspaper Dong-i-Ilbo News, the man was quarantined after he returned from China. The officer was convicted of spreading coronavirus infection and thus violating rules was later shot and killed."
AS CORONA VIRUS RAGES… We are prepared to handle disease – NCDC. 	"As global attention remains focused on the outbreak of the novel Coronavirus strain (2019nCoV) that has continued to spread across the world, the Federal Government says it is well positioned to handle cases of Coronavirus in the in the unlikely event that it is detected in Nigeria.
The Head of Research and Knowledge Management of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, Dr Chinwe Lucia Ochu, who disclosed this in Lagos, said Nigeria has put enough measures in place to tackle such cases.
“The NCDC is well positioned to handle any case of Coronavirus that comes into the country. We are better prepared to manage Coronavirus if it comes to Nigeria than we were during the Ebola outbreak. Our system has been tested by other infectious diseases over time, and lessons learnt from theses outbreaks has further strengthened our capacity.”
Ochu, who spoke on a live Channels TV Sunrise programme “State of the Nation”, said there is collaboration between China and the Nigerian government especially through screening of incoming travelers.
“We are working closely with the Federal Ministry of Health Port Health Services to screen passengers at airports. We are confident that the Ports Health’s Service Division in the Federal Ministry of Health of Nigeria will be able to detect these cases on time.”
Further reassuring Nigerians of government’s preparedness and the measures in place to prevent importation of the virus into Nigeria, Ochu stated: “We are coordinating a multisectoral group in collaboration with the Federal Ministry of Health of Nigeria Ports Health Service and partners to monitor the Coronavirus outbreak in parts of the world and developing preparedness measures.”
In the views of Dr Olaolu Aderinola, Head of Response Division, NCDC: “No case of Coronavirus has been detected in Nigeria. We are working closely with the Federal Ministry of Health Port Health Services to screen incoming travelers at airports and seaports. As information on the novel Coronavirus is rapidly unfolding, the world is working together on this.
“Symptoms of Coronavirus includes coughing, sneezing, breathing difficulties. Our message to Nigerians is to report immediately to the nearest health facility if you notice any of these symptoms.
“Health care workers should adhere to standard precautions at all times to ensure they protect themselves and that preparedness measures for the novel coronavirus is a collective responsibility.”
According to the NCDC, the case fatality rate from the novel Coronavirus outbreak in parts of the world is very low.
“There has been no case of CoronaVirus recorded in Nigeria. No travel restriction has been placed by WHO. Our advice to Nigerians is to limit contact with animals if you must visit China and ensure good personal hygiene at all times.”
On Thursday in response to the outbreak in Wuhan, China, the NCDC issued a public health advisory placing the Port Health Services unit of the Federal Ministry of Health in Nigeria on alert and heightened screening measures at points of entry Into the country.
In the advisory, travelers from Nigeria to Wuhan, China, are advised to avoid contact with sick people, animals (alive or dead), and animal markets.
READ ALSO: WHO committee says coronavirus, not a global emergency “Travelers from Wuhan to Nigeria, may be asked questions upon arrival by the Port Health Services unit at points of entry about symptoms of illness and travel history, and are advised to report immediately to NCDC, if they feel ill after a trip to Wuhan.”
The advisory said the Federal Ministry of Health through NCDC and its partners are fully committed to strengthening preparedness and response to infectious disease outbreaks and that information will be shared with the public as it becomes available.
Meanwhile, WHO’s Regional Office for Europe has officially been notified of the first novel coronavirus cases in Europe.
Three cases have been confirmed in France and WHO is in contact with the relevant authorities. WHO encourages countries in the European Region to continue to prepare.
The NCDC noted that as this is a new virus, and new information is emerging every day, this advisory will be updated as new information and research on the virus and its impact on populations become available.
It noted that the first case of the novel coronavirus strain (2019nCoV) was confirmed in China on the 7th of January, 2020.
“Coronaviruses are zoonotic, meaning they are normally transmitted between animals and people. A novel coronavirus (nCoV) is a new strain of the virus that has not been previously identified in humans.
The World Health Organization (WHO) convened its Emergency Committee on Thursday and said it was too early to declare the outbreak a “Public Health Event of International Concern” (PHEIC).
Symptoms
This new coronavirus, 2019nCoV, appears to cause mild to severe respiratory symptoms like cough and breathing difficulties. From current evidence, it appears that death is a rare outcome, and occurs mostly in patients with underlying illness.
Treatment
There is no specific treatment for disease caused by the novel coronavirus yet. However, many of the symptoms can be treated. Therefore, treatment is based on the patient’s clinical condition. In addition, supportive care for infected persons can be highly effective.
Nigeria’s preparedness and response
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) is currently coordinating a multisectoral technical group that is assessing and managing the risk of importation to Nigeria. NCDC is in close communication with the World Health Organization (WHO) who is closely monitoring the situation globally. WHO is in direct communication with the Government of China and other affected countries, and has released technical and travel guidance.
The Port Health Services unit of the Federal Ministry of Health in Nigeria has been placed on alert and has heightened screening measures at the points of entry. In China, exit screening measures have been enhanced for travellers from Wuhan city at the Points of Entry (PoE) (airports and ground transport stations) since the 14th of January, 2020. This includes temperature checks combined with provision of information and masks to passengers with fever, as well as directing symptomatic passengers to health facilities for follow up.
Nigerians are advised to remain calm. Travelers from Nigeria to Wuhan, China, are advised to avoid contact with sick people, animals (alive or dead), and animal markets.
Travelers from Wuhan to Nigeria, may be asked questions upon arrival by the Port Health Services unit at points of entry about symptoms of illness and travel history, and are advised to report immediately to NCDC if they feel ill after a trip to Wuhan.
How to protect yourself
To reduce the risk of spread of coronavirus, members of the public are advised to adhere to the following measures:
Wash your hands regularly with soap under running water. Cover your mouth and nose properly with handkerchief or tissue paper when sneezing and/or coughing. You may also cough into your elbow if a handkerchief is not available. Avoid close contact with anyone showing symptoms of respiratory illness such as coughing and sneezing. Avoid self-medication, report to the nearest health facility when you experience any of the above-mentioned symptoms. Healthcare workers are always advised to observe standard infection prevention and control measures when attending to patients and take a travel history. Vanguard
The post AS CORONA VIRUS RAGES… We are prepared to handle disease – NCDC appeared first on Vanguard News .
"
Little Known Facts About corona virus map.. 	"SpaceBillionaires could 'leave Earth guiding for Place colony' as 'local weather collapses'There is certainly expanding speculation which the the pattern for billionaires like Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos to analysis House travel is a lot more than simply 'boys and their toys' – it could be a lifeboat to flee a dying EarthAustralia mentioned it’s getting ready a former resources industry personnel’ camp while in the Outback to quarantine evacuees from coronavirus-stricken Wuhan.You will discover adequate disturbing parallels involving Pyongyang and Tehran’s nuclear ambitions that the latter’s current risk to go away the NPT has to be decisively addressed.The health practitioner’s status had been matter to hours of confusion right after before stories of his death on Chinese social websites were being deleted and replaced by messages expressing he was currently being addressed.At this time, officers are working on the belief the virus emerged from human exposure to wild animals staying traded, probably illegally, at a seafood marketplace in Wuhan.Singapore is investigating 4 people who final thirty day period went on the Grand Hyatt hotel for A non-public small business Assembly that’s been associated with several abroad cases of coronavirus.Piro later explained to Fox News that travellers deboarding the Bahamas cruise told him they read more weren't educated concerning the opportunity danger.In case the corona virus nyc virus spreads all over the entire world, the volume of deaths may be considerable. The current death amount of 2–3% — when not as significant as for SARS — remains fairly high for an infectious illness, states Adam Kamradt-Scott, a global well being-security expert within the College of Sydney, Australia.""If it's a droplet, there's going to be virus within the droplets, so it should help protect it. But keep more info in mind the virus is so tiny it could possibly go through the mask,"" he mentioned. Nevertheless it’s way too early to inform no matter whether initiatives to quarantine men and women, as well as the popular utilization of encounter masks, are Functioning. The incubation period of time with the virus — nearly fourteen days — is longer than most Command actions are already in place, read more he claims.Supplemental cases are actually discovered in the escalating range of other Global places, together with the United States. There are actually ongoing investigations To find out website more.Our journalists try for precision but occasionally we make mistakes. For additional specifics of our grievances plan and to make a grievance remember to Just click here.The third human being below investigation for novel #coronavirus is Destructive. We are still looking forward to effects for the remaining two men and women below investigation. Verify back for the newest: pic.twitter.com/EzkqCpHCnp""He might be profitable, Specifically as the temperature starts to warm & the virus hopefully becomes weaker after which you can absent."""
China and the Corona virus. An attack on the elderly. 	"
Skip to content Creativity And Power This site promotes the work of author and writer, John Spencer as well as his blog posts, many of which are political. About me Brownout – 666: The real meaning of the swastika Waiting for a Miracle – Life in the Dead Zone REVIEWS China and the Corona virus Posted on February 7, 2020 by badjohn7 This new virus is taking headlines around the world. It is very difficult to trust the Chinese government these days and they were certainly very slow to take action. Accordingly to an Israeli biological warfare expert, Wu Han, the source of the current epidemic, and Bejing, the source of the 2003 SARS outbreak, are both sites of the Chinese government’s research into biological warfare. It is just possible, that this outbreak was an accidental escape from a government centre and not from a food market. If this is the case, as I suspect it is, the current Corona virus could be an advanced form of warfare against the Chinese people as well as global populations.
This virus appears to be easily spread and almost unstoppable. It doesn’t kill everybody but mainly the elderly. We all know that that China and most of the rest of the world’s governments want to get rid of as many of the elderly as possible. I have talked about this in previous posts as well as in my book, “From Brexit to Brazil via Hong Kong, China and the USA.”(available on Amazon). Of course there is collateral damage; babies, young children and some adults. It is extremely sad that the Chines doctor who blew the whistle on this new virus outbreak has died. He was not elderly.
As the virus continues to spread you had better hope you are not elderly or in bad health. Thank you, Chinese government!
A scary world leader"
Scientists discover antibody that can neutralize 2019-nCoV coronavirus. 	"Chinese molecular biologists have found out that one of the antibodies discovered during the 2003 atypical pneumonia epidemic can neutralize the coronavirus that sparked the pneumonia outbreak in China and a number of other nations, says an article published in bioRxiv internet library.
“We report for the first time that […] CR3022 could bind potently with 2019-nCoV RBD,” the scientists write in their article. “Interestingly, some of the most potent […] antibodies (e.g., m396, CR3014) […] failed to bind 2019-nCoV spike protein.”
This discovery, according to the scientists from the Wuhan Institute of Virology and Fudan University in Shanghai, gives hope that CR3022 compound, combined with other antibodies that can bind with the new coronavirus, would allow to create the first effective remedies for the novel pneumonia and stop the epidemics.
The scientists have come to this conclusion after they observed how the copy of the RBD protein, which the Chinese virus uses to infiltrate human cells, interacts with various antibodies discovered in patient bodies or created during the 2003 atypical pneumonia outbreak.
These viruses are closely related and their RBD proteins are similar, which, the scientists presumed, allowed for a slight chance that these old molecules would also neutralize the new pathogen. On the one hand, those hopes were fulfilled with the CR3022, but the four other antibodies, including the synthetic cure m336, created several years ago in the Wuhan Institute of Virology, failed to react to the viral protein.
This discovery has greatly surprised the scientists, since computer models did not indicate that slight RBD differences would make the 2019-nCoV invulnerable to those protein molecules. The scientists now study the infected blood samples, in hopes to find other antibodies that would bind with the coronavirus more effectively than the CR3022 does. The novel coronavirus
On December 31, 2019, Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization (WHO) about an outbreak of an unknown pneumonia in the city of Wuhan — a large trade and industrial center in central China populated by 11 million people. On January 7, Chinese experts identified the infecting agent: coronavirus 2019-nCoV.
According to recent data, over 6,000 people have been infected with the virus, with 132 people dead. The virus continues to spread in China and other states, including Australia, Vietnam, Italy, Germany, Cambodia, Malaysia, Nepal, the Republic of Korea, Singapore, the US, Thailand, France, Sri Lanka and Japan.
The new virus belongs to the same group as the coronavirus of the well-known severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS). Both viruses have claimed lives of several hundred people in the Middle East and East Asia, causing repeated epidemics, spread through camels and poultry. The initial carriers of the 2019-nCoV virus were bats, the scientists believe.
All three pathogens relate to the so-called coronaviruses. They cause similar symptoms: fever, cough, trouble breathing and constant phlegm production. The incubation period is up to 12 days, followed by the strongest fever. Most lethal cases happened due to exhaustion, complications and accompanying infections when left unattended.
from https://tass.com/science/1114179"
Corona Virus — darkness in China. The West waits while reports come that a mild illness may progress badly. 	"One day ago, the statistics were looking good but there have been a few ominous shifts. Another 26 infections have been recorded, some in a French ski chalet, some in Singapore – at least three of which are hard to explain . These appear to be transmissions outside China, which is what we are hoping to avoid. It’s bad, but could have been a lot worse. Fortunately the Diamond Princess tally hasn’t risen much — standing at 64. Another plus — it’s almost two weeks since one passenger on a Tiger Air flight in Australia flew as he was coming down with symptoms yet the other 157 passengers appear to be OK. Promising. … Just 2% of cases so far are severe outside China (but that may grow)
The all important statistics outside of China are starting to accrue — So far there are 355 infections. Of those, 35 have recovered and only eight are marked as severe (see the table below). It’s good news that only 2% are severe, however it’s too soon to know — 90% are still unwell.
The illness appears to be less severe outside China, but a new study reports that this virus often looks benign to start with. It begins with a mix of mild symptoms that can look like the common cold, or resemble gastro. But some patients go on to develop breathing trouble five days later, and may need the ICU (Intensive Care Unit) by day 8. Sometimes people get released from medical care, but then have to return the next week. So not only must we wait 14 days for the incubation period, there may be another 8 days (or more) before we know how many will need emergency life support and we can begin to calculate the fatality rate. Unfortunately that means there may be a sting in this tail coming. We can’t take too much comfort in all the early reports of mild effects. Though we hope that the outcome in the West will be different due to a better resourced medical system that is not overwhelmed with an unmanageable case load, and other local factors. New Report on 138 Coronavirus Cases Reveals Disturbing Details New York Times Reporting on Friday in JAMA , the authors said their data suggested that rapid person-to-person spread of the virus had occurred among their cases. That was in part because of patients like the one admitted to the surgical department, whose symptoms misled doctors into suspecting other illnesses and failing to take precautions to prevent spread of the virus until it was too late. About 10 percent of the patients did not initially have the usual symptoms, cough and fever, but instead had diarrhea and nausea first. Other uncommon symptoms included headache, dizziness and abdominal pain. Another cause for concern was that some patients who at first appeared mildly or moderately ill then took a turn for the worse several days or even a week into their illness. The median time from their first symptoms to when they became short of breath was five days; to hospitalization, seven days; and to severe breathing trouble, eight days. For this series of patients, the death rate was 4.3 percent.
China’s National Health Commission has given the virus a temporary official name – novel coronavirus pneumonia, or NCP . — South China Morning Post
In other news, it’s been confirmed CoronaVirus can spread via aerosol — like Influenza. That makes it easier to spread that just via contact, or respiratory droplet, though these are still described as the main routes. Protection from this means well fitted respiratory masks, 6 feet spacing between people, increasing ventilation and air flow, negative pressure rooms, and also goggles to protect eyes. It means cancelling large events in at risk populations for the moment. See the CDC recommendations. Something truly awful is going on in China. Dip into #coronavirus
People are being chased down the road by “medical teams”, dragged forcibly into quarantine . A woman in an apartment tower yells for help, “my husband is dying. There is no way out”. Officials carry guns , and there are frightening videos of them welding doors shut and locking people inside their homes. But I can’t find footage of deliveries of food and medicine to trapped citizens. This is not what people do in “a flu season”, they’re acting like it’s the plague.
There are reports, allegedly from within Wuhan hospitals that hundreds of patients a day are being classified as “pnumonic”, n ot as coronavirus. “ Daily removes pnumonic patients to not return, whole sections of hospital, 200 rooms each and not recorded. They are filled immediately with new pnumonic. Please know we are trying but there is simply too much…. would post more photo but other workers here and typing this under table…”
There are movies displayed below. If you can’t see them, try another browser. This behaviour of the ccp was expected! Locking people inside their homes!!
No surprises here It can also be spread by contact and by respiratory droplet. What does this mean? It’s hard to stop.

For a lighter moment, see one resident singing from a balcony doing his own concert for other people waving torches. He’s wearing the US flag. Is this China’s free speech revolution? See others wearing full-body inflatable cartoon characters as a way of protecting themselves against viruses. Comic but tragic.
Concert from a balcony ————- If I were ruler of the world I’d be closing borders and sitting tight for a few weeks
We’ll know so much more then. The cost of quarantine is enormous, but the cost of getting this wrong will be counted in “millions”— and that’s not dollars. If we wait to find out how serious this is, it could be too late to stop it. The recent UK / France outbreak has come via Singapore, so we know there is a risk from even well managed nations which are taking precautions. After a few weeks, borders can be opened again on a case by case basis with “clean nations”. This means people can confidently organize tours, conferences, holidays and weddings without fear of them being cancelled at short notice. A mandatory two week quarantine would be essential with nations that had outbreaks.
Wired Magazine pushes back against the trite comparisons with the flu. There are as many as 5 million severe cases of flu worldwide each year, and 650,000 deaths… Call it “viral whataboutism.” … this mutant form of rhetoric has come into discussions of what could be a massive epidemiological threat. Is the new coronavirus something to worry about? Yeah, sure, but so’s the flu… and you don’t seem to care too much about that! For goodness’ sake, stop. Yes, we know the flu is bad—no one likes the flu. But the gambit of positioning the influenza virus as the scarier of two foes is as dangerous as it is hackneyed. …these whatabout statistics aren’t really meant to sharpen our vigilance around the flu, or even to encourage us toward higher rates of vaccination. They’re just supposed to calm us down… Millions get the virus every year, and fewer than 0.1 percent of them perish from it. What’s the rate of death from the new coronavirus? No one can say for certain, but estimates have hovered at around 20 times the rate for influenza, or 2 percent . The statistics Sunday — thanks to Worldometer.
The Diamond Princess tally is included in the Japanese numbers. Country,"
The 5-Second Trick For corona virus source. 	"Thus, it is very probable that potential SARS- or MERS-like coronavirus outbreaks will originate from bats, and there is an elevated probability that this will occur in China. As a result, the investigation of bat coronaviruses becomes an urgent problem with the detection of early warning indications, which consequently minimizes the effects of these kinds of upcoming outbreaks in China. The objective of the overview should be to summarize the current knowledge on viral diversity, reservoir hosts, along with the geographical distributions of bat coronaviruses in China, and at some point we purpose to forecast virus hotspots as well as their cross-species transmission potential.""Whilst nCoV is very about, clinic Emergency Departments and urgent care facilities need to take into account other far more popular diagnoses,"" she stated.“Immediately after getting assessed through the CDC, 23 of Those people passengers have been cleared and 4 men and women are increasingly being evaluated at a location hospital,” Murphy claimed in a press release.Four travellers on Friday were taken into a hospital just after their cruise ship arrived in Bayonne, New Jersey, for evaluation for just a coronavirusAt the very least two folks had been taken off the Anthem in the Seas cruise ship in stretchers this morning Four travellers aboard the ship had been transported to College Healthcare facility in Newark and at least two of them ended up taken out on stretchers, NBC News noted.This has resulted in one particular prediction the virus could infect about 39,000 of the thirty million folks living in the region of Wuhan. “It seems like the virus has bought from hand in China, distribute far too considerably, far too promptly to essentially be contained,” states Ian Mackay, a virologist within the University of Queensland in Brisbane, Australia.Most coronaviruses infect animals, although not persons. Later cold coast on, one or more of those other coronaviruses could likely evolve and distribute to human beings, as has transpired before. We even now don’t understand why only specific coronaviruses can easily infect people today.Army logistics groups will even be answerable for ensuring that donations built by way of charities access intended recipients.Skip to get more info primary material Thanks for going to mother nature.com. That you are using a browser Model with constrained aid for CSS. To obtain the most beneficial practical experience, we advocate you utilize a far more up to date browser (or turn off compatibility mode in World-wide-web Explorer).News of the feasible more info source of outbreak will come given that the Foreign Office environment warned Brits never to journey to Wuhan amid fears of a global outbreak.Right now, only the CDC laboratories in Atlanta provide the abilities to check for that coronavirus, while it is expected that point out community overall health laboratories will be able to exam shortly.Nevertheless, The truth that cases are previously turning up in countless countries — mere weeks soon after this outbreak was 1st declared — indicates we should always brace ourselves for an escalation. Messonnier from the CDC stated you'll find prone to be far more cases in the approaching times — from the US and outside of. “This can be a speedily shifting scenario — overseas and domestically — and we’re still Discovering,” Messonnier extra.The OscarsOscars 2020: Ideal dressed superstars established pulses racing in crimson-hot outfits Together with the hotly-predicted Oscars 2020 ceremony underway, read more a website succession of renowned faces donning outstanding red-sizzling outfits are strutting their things throughout the purple carpetThe coronavirus hasn’t resulted in any disruptions from the U.S. in the availability chain of health care and protecting gear, Significantly of that's created in China, officials from President Donald Trump’s activity drive stated in a briefing Friday wherever they updated the general public on development."
Corona Virus Scares Telugu Celebrities' Pleasure Trips . 	"It is just February, but for some celebrities, it is almost early summer and they want to go on pleasure trips. And for people like Puri Jagan, they can't avoid going to Bangkok for story-writing, relaxing and to work as well. So what is happening with these folks now?
Everyone who went to China in the last fortnight or who returned from places like Wuhan and other surrounding places are being screened for Corona Virus now. As the disease is in its deadliest form in China, where 340 members have already died and 11,000+ patients being treated in the ICUs, the whole world is on high alert now. Coming to Tollywood, as there is lot of travel between China and Bangkok, our celebs are fearing that the virus may come to the tourist nation as well.
For their own health safety, many celebs who are actually supposed to go to Bangkok are actually avoiding going there. After wapping the latest schedule of Fighter in Mumbai, even Puri Jagan is said to be planning to go to Goa for a couple of days rather Bangkok.
In the wake of this, we have to see if Allu Arjun and Sukumar will fly to Bangkok or not as they have to film #AA20 there only inside the forests of Thailand."
5 Essential Elements For corona virus. 	My cat just handed absent right now from FIP. She was 14. I have 3 other cats and now I anxiety that they will all die precisely the same dreadful death.Although There exists a vaccine accessible to avoid feline infectious peritonitis, its use just isn't advisable by the American Affiliation of Feline Practitioners as it hasn't verified powerful in stopping the virus in all cases. 3320 Tips There are several possible brings about for the diarrhoea which you are describing which may incorporate bacterial infections, parasites (protozoa), colitis, food allergic reactions amid other problems; also numerous cats check beneficial for coronavirus without showing any symptoms.Nonetheless, the latest Formal assertion gave grounds for optimism, noting that two with the four victims in Thailand are improved now Which a person case has become cured in Japan.Get breaking information alerts and Specific reviews. The information and stories that make a difference, shipped weekday mornings.The minister said that professionals' expertise in the virus was constrained and which the threats posed by a probable mutation were being unfamiliar.Looks like you're working with new Reddit on an previous browser. The location may not do the job correctly if you do not update your browser! If you don't update your browser, we propose you visit old reddit.She's in no way had a distended abdomen. I've a flovent inhaler for bronchial asthma for her but I do not understand how that interacts with FIP. The anti virus prescription drugs would undoubtedly destroy her I feel mainly because in addition to all this she features a long-lasting neurological defect from anesthesia right before all of this transpired. I am getting interferon omegas and injectable nutritional vitamins but I am however considering what else can be carried out.3320 Suggestions Just one unfavorable PCR examination isn't meaningful because the shedding in the virus isn’t continuous, This is often why we advise that at least five consecutive regular checks return detrimental prior to we will be fairly confident that the cat is damaging.During the news convention chaired by Gao Qiang numerous hrs previously, the PRC admitted that in Beijing there were over three hundred situations, as opposed to the previous figure of only 37. At some point later the figure had elevated to 407. Chinese officers also admitted to important underreporting of circumstances, which had been attributed to bureaucratic ineptitude.3320 Recommendations Coronavirus is incredibly misunderstood by cat owners; coronavirus is often a virus (it is within the title), antibiotics are ineffective towards it as they are for dealing with bacterial bacterial infections; numerous cats are seropositive for coronavirus and prices could reach eighty% or maybe more in a few configurations (shelters, catteries, breeders etc…). Only a small portion of cats establish the mutated version of the virus which presents as Feline Infectious Peritonitis (FIP), if you suspect that Luna has FIP you ought to have this verified by a Veterinarian.The spectacular increase within the death count in China alerts the virus isn’t however under Management Inspite of intense techniques by authorities there to limit travel for thousands and thousands of people who are now living in the towns at the middle of the outbreak.3320 Suggestions Coronavirus will not be uncommon in cats from breeders and catteries; signs usually are mild diarrhoea but most cats are asymptomatic. Only mutated strains of coronavirus might create into feline infectious peritonitis; you need to go on to check your cats, but it is your final decision whether or not you keep the kitten but there's no cause why you shouldn’t.Community cat Rapidly shed a lot bodyweight and is respiratory like it’s outside of breath what need to I do? I actually can’t afford Germ Masks to pay for to take the cat into the vet but quite worried about him. Any recommendations on what This may be or any antibiotics I can purchase in excess of the counter? 
The Corona Virus—1918 All Over Again?. 	"Dr. Jane Orient: The worst, possibly existential, threat is the stealthy, invisible one that multiplies exponentially. Biological threats proliferate—until they run out of susceptible victims. Published on January 31, 2020 Author World Health Organization
Clusters of a dozen or so deaths may get nonstop “if-it-bleeds-it-leads” press coverage. But the lack of preparedness for the really, really big threats may be met with virtual radio silence—until panic breaks out.
The worst, possibly existential, threat is the stealthy, invisible one that multiplies exponentially—in the accurate sense of the term: 400 cases today, 800 tomorrow, then 1600, 3200, 6400, 128000, 256000, 512000, and 1.024 million after only eight doubling times. Biological threats proliferate—until they run out of susceptible victims.
In 1918, the great influenza pandemic killed as many people in 11 months as the medieval Black Death did in 4 years. Ultimately, at least 50 million may have perished. Young healthy people, especially young soldiers headed off to the front in World War I, succumbed quickly. To avoid interfering with the war effort, the U.S. government denied and covered up the threat, preventing the implementation of public health measures.
Since then, the world has gotten smaller. A virus that jumps the species barrier from animals to humans in a meat market in China can cross the Pacific in hours. And despite the expenditure of $80 billion on a National Biologic Defense, the U.S. is arguably no better prepared than it was in 1918, state Steven Hatfill, M.D., and coauthors in their new book Three Seconds until Midnight .
As in 1918, we lack a vaccine or wonder drugs, but must rely on non-pharmaceutical interventions (NPI), and on public health authorities to track and try to contain the spread of infection.
Accurate information is critical. Can we trust governmental authorities to tell the truth? Travel restrictions, quarantine, closing businesses, and canceling public events have a huge economic and potential political cost.There can also be incentives to exaggerate the threat, in order to sell poorly tested vaccines or drugs. The 1976 swine flu epidemic was almost a non-event; more people were probably injured or even died from adverse effects of the heavily promoted vaccine.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has so far declined to declare the corona virus outbreak a global emergency, although cases have been reported in more than a dozen or so countries. China reported only hundreds of “confirmed” cases—while countless additional cases were not tested because of lack of diagnostic test kits.
The New England Journal of Medicine writes , “Another Decade, Another Coronavirus.” This 2019-nCoV virus is the third zoonotic (animal) coronavirus to infect humans in two decades. The SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) and MERS (Middle East respiratory syndrome) were contained. Other coronaviruses cause mild cold-like syndromes.
This virus has occasioned the quarantine of entire cities, for the first time since medieval times. This could not be done other than in authoritarian China, states virologist Steven Hatfill , but even there is unlikely to be effective—especially if 5 million people had left before the order was implemented.The People’s Liberation Army has sent 450 medical personnel to Wuhan to help out at local hospitals, which are crammed with patients lying in packed corridors. Construction workers are reportedly trying to build a 1,000-bed hospital in Wuhan in five days. The U.S. and other nations are evacuating their citizens from Wuhan.
A report of 41 hospitalized patients in Wuhan, published in The Lancet , showed that patients were relatively young (median age 49) and fewer than half had an underlying illness. Only 66% had been exposed to the Huanan seafood market, the apparent source of the infection. One patient (2%) had no fever; all had pneumonia; 29% had severe respiratory distress syndrome; and 12% had acute cardiac injury. Most cases may be very mild, facilitating more rapid spread .
The corona virus is transmitted by droplets coming into contact with mucous membranes, including the eye. It can persist on surfaces for days. People without fever or symptoms can transmit the illness during the incubation period, which might be as long as two weeks. At present, definitive diagnostic testing is available only from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) .
In a severe outbreak, people whose job is not critical may need to stay home. Those who do not have a supply of food, essential medications, or other needed supplies would likely end up in a frantic crowd. Personal protective gear, for people who need to be in contact with the public or care for a sick family member, is already out of stock in medical supply houses. This includes gloves, wrap-around eye protection, and N-95 protective masks—regular surgical masks are probably of little help.
Panic is never helpful; staying calm is always good advice. But failure to heed previous warnings of the need for robust disaster planning, and complacency about medical technology and governmental resources, has set the stage for potential unprecedented disaster.
Individuals need to recognize that they themselves, and not 911 or the emergency room or the Federal Emergency Management Agency, may hold the key to their family’s and their community’s survival. Local authorities need to know that they may be on their own.
For now, stock up on supplies; cover those coughs and sneezes; wash hands frequently for at least 20 seconds; avoid crowds; and stay aware, as the situation could change rapidly. Leave a Reply"
A Highly-Compressed Wave-Form, Now Echoing: Corona Virus Vaccine (Months) Vs. Ebola Efforts (Decades). 	"To be fair, one cannot grow up a reliable vaccine, until the targeted virus is imaged, and sequenced, and known — with great specificity.
So it would take time, in any event. Loading that specific sequence of [killed] DNA proteins into a simian or bovine encapsulated viral shell, if you will, is now the likely preferred approach — to Corona- 2020. That said, the Ebola virus protein structure [and this approach] was well known [at least in Canada ], since the late 1970s. . . but a vaccine wasn’t finished until 2014.
Contrast that with Novel Corona- — just isolated a few months ago, but the work is already well-underway at JNJ, Merck-partner Moderna, the NIH and elsewhere. . . to solve the vaccine puzzle and arrest this outbreak.
[As a side bar, it seems former FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb, MD is at least obliquely criticizing the efforts of Seema Verna , at HHS — on speed of response, this time around.] In any event, see this, as an example of the typical MSM reporting :
. . . .[T]here are several other groups working on vaccines tailored to the new coronavirus. One team, from the National Institutes of Health and Moderna drug company, is also leveraging the similarities between the viruses and using other previous research toward a SARS vaccine as a template. (“I call it plug and play,” the lead scientist told the New York Times.) Will any of these end up working?
It will take a while to figure out — potentially longer than the new virus sticks around. Indeed, Hotez’s SARS vaccine is something of a warning of what happens to a promising vaccine once the issue at hand goes out of vogue: The funding dries up, and the vaccine goes to the back of the refrigerator. . . .
We will find the answer here — and it is true that commerce — trade with China [now threatened] is vastly larger, on a global scale — than trade with the DRC, Guinea or Sierra Leone. . . but that doesn’t make it. . . right . Onward, out into the sunshine here. Thinking of Albert, now five years, passed. . . . slightly sad, but a grin, for a full life. . . . Grin. . . .
"
A Look at USA 2009 H1N1 Virus Compared to China 2020 Corona Virus : Vicious, Political & Xenophobic Racist Attacks Against China Needs To Stop. 	"When the United States 2009 H1N1 swine flu emerged, an international emergency, a declared global pandemic, it eventually infected 60 million and initially killed a minimum of 18,449 cases that year. But the final story of the H1N1 global pandemic was far worse than that, with close to 300,000 deaths, according to the final tallies in 2012 reported by the CDC, as you will read below. Which is why I am scratching my head at how bizarrely negative forces are attacking China and Chinese people as it engages a remarkably aggressive front addressing this Corona virus outbreak which started in Wuhan, central China. I am forced to ask and answer a few questions. During 2009 H1N1 outbreak, I don't recall xenophobic anti-America attacks across the globe, do you? In fact, do you recall it took six months for the U.S. to declare a national emergency? Did any government from the onset in April 2009 through the end in April 2010, including the month of June, when H1N1 was declared an international emergency global pandemic, then send out a notice to its citizens that they should leave the United States? Close their borders to American travelers? Nope, not a peep. Like I said, something's not right, folks. I am reading hateful vicious attacks on the Chinese government for their supposed intentional conspiracy to intentionally under report the number of infections, yet that is exactly and always the case with such flu outbreaks no matter what country and the CDC reports illustrate that crystal clear. The U.S. H1N1 swine flu numbers were vastly underestimated and updated three years later, because dear friends, that is the nature of such viral outbreaks which don't care which country they started in. There is never enough man power, there are never enough test kits, there is never enough medicine or medical supplies. China is not trying to hide these hardships, they are well known, they are being reported on the news daily in China. There are always people who die, thousands of them whom we'll never know if they actually died because of a particular virus. Those are the facts, not any problem unique to China's healthcare system or government. Its not a conspiracy, its just tragedy. According to the June 27, 2012 research report followup three years later, it gets much more disturbing when you learn about the CDC's final estimate of the H1N1 virus global death toll. You and I find at this at this article at the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy website, the CDC's 18,449 total deaths number was ""...regarded as WELL BELOW THE TRUE TOTAL, mainly because many people who die of flu-related causes are not tested for the disease."" So during the 2009 outbreak, was anyone accusing the American medical and government authorities of hiding the numbers? Were Americans with hidden cameras strolling into the Mayo Clinic to PROVE how many people were really dying? The absurdity of these vicious attacks are that whether or not a person specifically does have the Corona virus or some other viral bug presenting as pneumonia, the treatment is the same supportive treatment anyway. Something's not right here folks. The world should be applauding China's unprecedented, broad, aggressive response. (WHO officials and many other government and healthcare officials across the globe are.) I am on the ground here in China READ IT HERE watching with my own eyes and it is quite incredible by any measure, not to mention an enormous economic sacrifice. Instead of looking at the will of an entire system of government acting faster than any other government on the planet could, we are one month later, still busy bashing a few local government officials in Wuhan who should have told us a couple weeks sooner. And yes, that is true those local officials screwed up. And by the way, those officials are in deep trouble for it. Just like the recent Puerto Rican politicians who are in trouble when we learned they didn't distribute hurricane emergency supplies that were sent to them to help during last year's terrible hurricane. A disgrace. Individual people screw up all the time and hopefully justice gets served later, but that's not an indictment of an entire country's government. Secondly, on this point, every provincial government has sent out a notice to its government officials pretty much saying that if they are stupid enough to do the same, they will face the wrath of harsh punishment. I don't doubt it for a moment. Lets contrast to what countless western politicians have gotten away with and remain in office to remind all of us that human error, stupidity and greed is not unique to any particular skin color or race or country. ""What about..."" reactions don't help. And here's the mic drop for you: ""The CDC researchers estimate that the H1N1 2009 pandemic virus caused 201,200 respiratory deaths and another 83,300 deaths from cardiovascular disease associated with H1N1 infections."" Total: 284,000 deaths. Shocking, isn't it? Was there a travel ban for any length of time to and from the United States? Did China, Germany, Japan or any other country close their border to American travelers? Today I noticed in the updates that following the United States Department of State policy suggesting U.S. citizens leave China, the United Kingdom embassy just released the same recommendation to subjects of the kingdom. In 2009, did UK subjects in America get a notice from their kingdom to leave America? No. Did the world suggest we isolate from America? Close the U.S. borders!? No. Did Americans get xenophobically attacked and targeted by anti-American sentiments like the Chinese are experiencing now? Um, no. Fascinating and disturbing to say the least. If you're an expat currently in China, unless you're in Wuhan, fact is that you're most likely safer and more peaceful and more stable by simply staying put than by leaving right now. You couldn't be safer than in this country, where almost everyone is staying home and dutifully isolating themselves with awareness. Not to mention that the Chinese government's decision to safeguard the society, the families, the people, is coming at a devastating economic cost in the hundreds of billions. I have a friend in Mesa, Arizona. He told me earlier that the big popular China City buffet, a huge busy place, has no customers. Does that make any sense at all? Let's test our ability to reason, to be rational: If you were in Miami and you heard that there was a virus outbreak that started in Milan, in central Italy, would you cancel your dinner reservation at the Italian restaurant that night in South Beach? No. Would you buy a pizza next week at Joey's Pizzeria in Delray Beach? If you were in Singapore and you heard there was a virus outbreak in Dallas, Texas in the central United States, would you stop going to your favorite local Texas southern BBQ restaurant with the owner from Houston, in Singapore? Would you avoid olive-skinned dark-haired Italian-looking people on the street in Chicago? Would you avoid big guys wearing cowboy hats, cuz they're obviously from Texas in Singapore cuz there's a virus in Dallas and they might have just gotten off the plane? There's a strange senseless bullying extremism and activism in today's society and you should do your best to avoid it and not be a part of it. It is fomented by a small group of extremist activists while definitely not supported by your average mainstream person who is simply exhausted by their outrage-inducing antics. Finally, here are some straight up, sensible accurate descriptions of this Corona virus which started in Wuhan, China. Its not called the China virus and neither was H1N1 called the America virus. Whether two weeks or two months from now, this flu season type virus will have passed and the joy of Spring will have arrived. Just like every flu season. However, don't misunderstand me. The extra caution and the remarkable response by the Chinese governments and people together to quell the spread of this virus was warranted because, yes it is correct that this corona virus is nastier than the usual annual flu bug, as was H1N1 in 2009. As of now, what we can confidently note the following regarding this Corona virus: This Corona virus is highly contagious, it spreads quite easily. It binds to lung tissue and so in particular, likes to cause pneumonia, that's what infection of lung tissue is. That's more severe than a respiratory infection which is only in your throat or bronchial tubes. The Corona virus currently has a 2% death rate. That's a lot higher, around 20x higher, than a more typical annual flu virus with a death rate of 0.1%. However, a 2% death rate is still much lower by comparison to the SARS virus which had a 9% death rate or the MERS virus with a really nasty 37% death rate. The Corona virus is causing severe symptoms in 10-15% of cases. 80% to 90% of deaths from this virus are happening in elderly patients, mostly with other existing health problems, not younger people. That characteristic by the way, is in contrast to the America 2009 H1N1 swine flu virus which in fact had a higher death rate amongst younger people including children rather than those over 60 years old. China identified and shared the Corona virus genome in record times, in only days and of course, immediately shared it with all international health and disease organizations. Medical researchers are already discovering that certain existing anti-viral medications seem to be effective against this Corona virus. Its impossible not to marvel at China's broad and aggressive domestic response directed by the provincial level governments to restrict movement, restrict transportation, restrict business for a period of time combined with the voluntary dutiful cooperation of its 1.3 billion citizens who are in the majority quietly staying at home these weeks to let the virus pass; this model response is already being hailed by the international community as a remarkable unprecedented response setting a new standard in understanding what is possible for future outbreaks in whatever country they may occur. Is it inconvenient and costly. You bet. Like I said, something's not right with the way humanity is responding to what's happening here. I haven't put my finger on it because well, its certainly complex and the world is upside down in many other ways that I also can't for the life of me understand or explain without ending up writing a very thick book. But I do know this: It needs to stop. This vicious, political, xenophobic racist attacks and smearing of all things China needs to stop. Its really not helping anyone in the political corridors of Washington nor is it doing anything to help the man on the street who is just concerned with taking care of his family. My family is originally from the Basilicata region of Italy, the little hillside Italian towns of Potenza and also, Grottola, which is just outside of Matera. They left their home country and moved to America where I was born, in Yonkers, New York. America became their home and it was my home until I left, too. Now over two decades ago, I left the United States, the country I was born in, the country that has plenty to admire and plenty to improve. But I left and I came to China and now China is my home. If you had asked me thirty years ago if this was my life plan on planet earth, I would have said you were nuts or a really bad fortune teller. But that's how it has turned out. I am truly blessed with my lovely Chinese wife and our family living here in Shenyang in China's northeast. You get my meaning? I am a mature adult like many with the powers of observation. I can easily see that whether we are talking about China or the United States or any other country, their societies and their governments have good points and bad points. The xenophobia needs to stop now. Whether in a couple of weeks or months later, this nasty flu type Corona virus will begin declining and the joy of Spring will arrive. Between now and then if you don't have anything good, anything supportive to say about China or Chinese people, how about you just keep your mouth shut. Mario Cavolo, Shenyang."
corona virus. 	"corona viruses only affected animals, but other can also affect human. Most people get infected with human corona viruses at some time in there life . this usually mild to modaret upper-respiratory infection ,like cold. But there are some different types of human corona viruses.
who is at risk of corona viruse?
Any one can get a corona virus infection , but young children are most likely to get infected.
Prevention of coronavirus:-
* wash your hand often with soup and water for at least 2n seconds, use an alchohol-based hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alchohol , if soup and water not available here.
*Avoid close contact with those people who are risk.
*cover your cough an sneeze with a tissue, then throw the tissue in the trash.
* clean and disinfect frequently touched objects and surfaces.
** Most important , avoid touching your nose mouth and eyes with unwashed hands.
*And stay home when you are risk.
*** About treatment ,
* Contact with doctor before meet with him, and discribe your problem, if you are in risk you should avoid contact with another people ,
*Not travel when you are sick.
*Cover your mouth and nose with a sleeve or tissue when coughing or sneezing.
*You should mantain the order of doctor,
*Take your medical history, including asking about your symptoms
*Do a physical exam.
May do lab test of sputums.
Thanks for reading "
Govt reviews preparedness at highest level to manage Corona Virus in country. 	A Group of Ministers met in New Delhi yesterday to review the preparedness and steps taken by the Ministries of Health, Shipping, External Affairs, Civil Aviation and Home Affairs regarding management of Novel Coronavirus in the country. The meeting was chaired by the Health Minister Dr Harsh Vardhan. The group, which has been constituted on the directions of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, comprises of Health Minister Dr. Harsh Vardhan, Civil Aviation Minister Hardeep Puri, External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar, Minister of State for Home G Kishan Reddy, Minister of State for Health Ashwini Kumar Choubey and Shipping Minister Mansukh Lal Mandaviya. A presentation of the status of the NCOV-2019 was made to the GoM. The members were also apprised of the three cases reported from Kerala, one of which was confirmed yesterday. The preventive steps and measures taken for management of spread of Novel Coronavirus in India were presented, which included information about the revised travel advisories issued on Sunday regarding the temporary suspension of the e-visa facilities. The Advisory has been revised informing the public to refrain from travel to China and that anyone with travel history to China since the 15th of last month and from now on could be quarantined. Further, e-Visa facility for Chinese passport holders has been temporarily suspended, e-Visa already issued to Chinese nationals is also not valid temporarily and the facility for submitting the application online for the physical visa from China is suspended. It has also been advised that people having compelling reasons to visit India should contact the Indian embassy in Beijing or consulate in Shanghai or Guangzhou. Instructions to comply with above travel advisory have also been issued to all national and international airlines operating from China by the Ministry of Civil Aviation. The GoM was also briefed that a total of 593 flights have been screened covering a total of 72,353 passengers. Screening of passengers is ongoing in 21 airports, international seaports and border crossings particularly with Nepal. Universal screening in all flights from Singapore and Thailand besides Hong Kong and China is being done. Further, 2,815 people are presently under community surveillance in 29 States and Union Territories. Out of a total of 338 samples sent for testing, 335 have been found to be negative, three are positive, while 70 others are being processed. Principal Secretary to Prime Minister PK Mishra also reviewed the situation relating to Novel Corona Virus in the country and the arrangements for approximately 600 evacuees. National Security Adviser Ajit Doval, Principal Adviser to Prime Minister PK Sinha, Cabinet Secretary Rajiv Gauba, Chief of Defence Staff General Bipin Rawat and secretaries of other relevant ministries were also present. 
Ago also starring Jung Woo-sung to help, but what wrong Corona horror 'Film seconds the emergency'. 	"We the reality is were. New Corona virus(Wu pneumonia)Movie Watch first cover had.
Recently, the new Corona virus infection spread due to fear expect the start of the opening Acting, event cancellation, etc state going on.
The last 1 August in the country the new Corona virus first confirm the user has occurred since 2 January 4, the present domestic confirm the number of 16 people was increasing. Like this, check with who is there among or may be infected due to concerns the cinema, towards the audiences of the biceps broken situation.
Based on this, you're ahead of the film's troubled deep fell. The audience is visibly reduced to a public relations role actively unfold can't because. Current opening start, their situation is the worst in close. Last 1 November in cinema the audience can have 8 years in the to these or the showman about hitting the fear is growing. 2 November 4, the film Council cinema tickets over the last month, total audience number is 1,684 million 994 people, this is the last 2012 1,662 8,650 people since the first batch. Low season is also low season, but the sudden negative effect on the breakeven point towards the RAN, and was 'a man of wealth who'and 'Hit Man'case, the rise has grown by breakeven point threshold in the slow pace of it.
Last 2 December 3 grades but even 'a man of wealth who'is 5 6,620, 'Hitman'is 4 only 1,208 all did. Monday, given that even the day before the contrast the audience more than 60% has shrunk, the daily audience of 10 million or more record did not. The rest of the movie is more terrible. 3 for 'Inception'from a million, not a thousand as a unit Bank fell.
The middle 2 12 the opening ahead and was also starring Jung Woo-sung Starring of the movie 'straw even want to hold the beasts' side is serious internal discussion at the end of 2 November 4 opening Acting to determine the injury. 'Straw even want to hold the beasts' distribution company, Megabox Central plus EMS side ""is a new Corona virus infection spread due to the damage to the maximum in order to prevent the decision""and explained. This, along with the exclusive side is ""one in a million all to to the existing audience and the promise you have got the occasion to shrink the progress you expected,""he explained. The exact opening date is yet to be determined, and actor, Director of media interviews as scheduled progress.
'Straw even want to hold the beasts'this is the first such decision in the same day the opening was Lamy Blue starring 'honest candidate'to help the situation was. Competition start opening Acting to decide among 'honest candidate' distribution company NEW side this day in ""the situation are watching. Continue to discuss and""and the cautious stance I was. Two films all media distribution society since the benefit-grossing for to being in a situation a big hurdle to meet. Each movie had planned the strategy they twisted and twisted it was.
The problem is that you 2 5 opening to Ha Jung-Woo and Kim Nam Gil Starring of the 'closet'and foreign currency 'Buzz Live to play', 'Jojo Rabbit', etc. Animation 'MORE Princes: the Stolen Princess'case, quickly opening Acting informed with news, but these movies if you're forced to be scheduled. Especially this year, CJ Entertainment's first work, who anticipated the 'closet'is a lot of concern that dum dum to you're ready weight.
Theatre measure emergency. New Corona virus confirmed they visited CGV Sungshin point, CGV Bucheon Station branch, CGV Suwon branch is in turn temporarily closed to determine it requires. Confirm them with an enclosed space in a film that you might fear the audience in the theater to the outside surface began, and the theatre sales decline this time.
Event cancellation line existence. 'Hunting time'is the last 2 on the 5th day of fans with proceeds going to the showcase was canceled and, 'straw even look like beasts'is 2 6, 7, for was family premiere and showcase canceled. As well as Coming 2 25 Korean films to commemorate the 100th anniversary is scheduled to take place was the 56th annual Bell Awards Film Festival history of new Corona virus infection spread due to the interim Acting was.
Addition to you like this rise of the design. Hollywood media Variety a new Corona virus, the National Theatre has suffered a heavy blow reports, and the seriousness of the situation informed.
Meanwhile, Jung Woo-sung in the last 2 3 open 'straw even want to hold the beasts' media distribution in a society ""irresistible natural disaster state quickly and hope""; and ""we work in addition to several works they would emerge out of the situation pushed the story so far wish there was sincerely hope. Soon truly become a belligerent would,""he said. Jung Woo-sung's remarks, like the new Corona virus between the state of the physical that cannot be addressed by natural disasters in more than guns to his own. Each film stakeholders in the preparations for a long time was content to natural disasters due to externally receive first said. In this industry insiders sigh of deep as well.
"
GenScript ProBio Screens anti-2019 nCoV Antibodies in Just 24 Hours. 	"escorted by public security officers, 8 transgenic mice for fully human antibodies immunized with antigen from 2019 nCoV from Rongchang District, Chongqing were brought by Chongqing Academy of Animal Sciences and Chongqing CAMAB Biotech Ltd. to Nanjing . These ""anti-2019 nCoV"" mice are provided to GenScript Biologics Development Business Unit (now known as GenScript ProBio) for emergency antibody drug screening in response to 2019 nCoV pneumonia.
In 12 hours, GenScript ProBio successfully screened specific antibodies that recognize viral proteins and potentially block binding of virus to cellular receptors. In less than 24 hours, using the Beacon single-cell platform , GenScript ProBio completed immunized mice processing, immune cell isolation and enrichment, single cell sorting, on-chip binding and blocking screening, which usually takes three months using the traditional hybridoma antibody screening. This contributes to the breakthrough in anti-2019 nCoV antibody screening. GenScript is China's first CDMO company that applies the world's leading digital Beacon Platform in antibody discovery services.
In fact, as early as January 23 before the rapid outbreak, Discovery Department Head of GenScript ProBio, initiated the collaboration for an emergency screening project against 2019 nCoV together with Chongqing Academy of Animal Sciences and Chongqing CAMAB Biotech Ltd. The project team discussed the protocol details from antigen immunization to anti-2019 nCoV antibody characterization. For such emergency antibody drug project, the core lies in rapid antibody generation. This involves seamless integration of screening, sequencing and vector synthesis and further development to fight the 2019 nCoV outbreak. We finally worked out the optimal solution of rapid immunization coupled with GenScript ProBio Beacon single-cell platform screening and had multiple alternatives.
Dr. Brian Min , CEO of GenScript ProBio, said: ""Our mission is to accelerate drug development through innovation and collaboration. I am confident that we will defeat the virus by working diligently together with our customers.""
After successful antibody sequence screening, the team will work on expression of those antibody genes, and will perform further virus blocking and neutralization tests for the expressed antibodies. These Emergency antibodies after validation are expected to be put into mass production in GenScript ProBio to fight 2019 nCoV.
About GenScript ProBio:
GenScript ProBio is the CDMO segment of the world's leading biotech company GenScript, providing a one-stop biological drug research and development platform. GenScript ProBio's one-stop antibody drug development solutions include antibody drug discovery (hybridoma, phage display, full human and bispecific antibodies technologies), antibody engineering (antibody humanization, evaluation and optimization of drug compounds and affinity maturation) and other services. GenScript ProBio's total cell therapy solution covers IND preparation as well as clinical sample and commercial production. Process development controls ensure compliance, data integrity ensures traceability, and all test deviations are strictly studied and documented. With the principle of ""providing the best-in-class quality to and serving for the interests of customers"", GenScript ProBio is committed to helping customers shorten the timeline for biological drugs from development to clinical use, significantly cutting the R&D costs, accelerating the commercialization of medicines, and building a healthy future while making contributions to the development of the pharmaceutical industry under the Made in China 2025 plan.
"
Helping The others Realize The Advantages Of corona virus nyc. 	The initial male diagnosed with coronavirus while in the U.S. has actually been unveiled within the clinic, according to news experiences. The Washington point out resident, who experienced a short while ago traveled to Wuhan, explained he was continuing to Get better at home. He was unveiled from Providence Regional Healthcare Heart in Everett.The number of new coronavirus cases noted over the last 24 hours fell appreciably from the earlier reporting period of time, something industry experts see as a sign which the distribute in the virus could possibly be slowing down.” Actually, it’s a political Instrument the WHO utilizes to seem the alarm about a serious ailment which includes caught the earth off guard and put people today’s wellness in danger. It’s intended to attract countries’ immediate notice, to provoke resources, and cease the disorder from spreading further more across borders.Don’t go. Wait around until all of this concludes. There will be extra odds to go on a cruise in the future, but the possibility of receiving seriously sick and perhaps even dying isn’t worthwhile. Even if it is a small likelihood.He is one of the 4 folks A part of the probe for the Nationwide Middle for Infectious Health conditions after he attended the Conference in the hotel from Jan. 20 to Jan. 22.The virus, which could cause pneumonia, is improperly comprehended. Scientists now worry it can have spread to humans from snakes or bats.Even bat feces is presupposed to overcome anything from bad vision to childhood malnutrition in Chinese medicinal circles, reports the Yin Yang Dwelling.Their response counters an announcement from German wellness officers previously this week coronavirus outbreak which the Chinese girl was the truth is enduring symptoms.Bacterial infections because of the coronavirus, provisionally termed 2019-nCoV, were being to start with described in December during the central Chinese city of Wuhan, while it’s doable the virus was spreading among folks there in advance of then.Coronavirus has a wide range of symptoms together with fever, cough and respiratory issues. Determine who is most at risk of the virus.In the United States, officials are already screening travellers arriving from Wuhan for indications of illness and informing them to phone a wellness treatment supplier if they start to obtain Unwell. (Officials from your Facilities read more for Disorder Regulate and Avoidance have explained the volume of people arriving from Wuhan has dropped considering click here that China imposed the travel ban from there, but they were being continuing with their screening insurance policies.Our journalists attempt for precision but every now and then we make issues. For further more facts of our complaints policy and to generate a grievance make sure you Click this link.The OscarsOscars click here 2020: Most effective dressed celebs established pulses racing in crimson-very hot outfits Along with the hotly-expected Oscars 2020 ceremony underway, a succession of famed faces donning remarkable crimson-incredibly hot outfits are strutting their stuff across the purple website carpetThe virus, which often can lead to pneumonia, is badly recognized. Scientists now concern it might have distribute to human beings from snakes or bats.
7 Devices that Can Help Mitigate Corona Virus and Many Others. 	"As cases of different viruses like the coronavirus start to spread globally, It is now more important than ever to practice illness-prevention. Be it in your homes or in public – sanitation and cleanliness have become one of the fundamentals in keeping good health.
Here is a list of products that can help you with illness-prevention: UV Care Portable Germ Zapper
A lab-tested, chemical-free, and doctor-recommended device that kills up to 99.99% of germs, viruses, molds and harmful bacteria. The device helps in the prevention of Colds, Coughs, MRSA, Gastroenteritis, Diarrhea, Pneumonia, Urinary Tract Infections, Meningitis, Conjunctivitis, Streptococcus, Rhinovirus, Hand-foot-mouth disease (HFMD), Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV), Hepatitis, Influenza, Norovirus, Viral Gastroenteritis, Ebola, Coronavirus, Measles (Rubeola), and even German Measles (Rubella) so long as it is within an unobstructed surface area of 15 square meters.
How to use: simply place the unit at the center of the room and remove the safety cover by twisting it to the right. Turn on the unit using the soft-touch power button or the remote control and leave it to sterilize the room. The unit will automatically shut-off after 30 minutes. For best results, keep the door closed at all times, switch off the lights in the room and draw the curtains or blinds. Safety features include a safety cover and a 10-second timer delay. Be sure to keep people, pets, and plants out of the room during sterilization. UV Care Room Sterilizer
UV Care Room Sterilizer ensures that harmful pathogens do not grow and spread on-air and room surfaces including hard-to-reach crevices and ceilings within 60 square meters by destroying the molecular bonds and disrupting the DNA of pathogens, the DNA being from bacteria and viruses (including Colds, Coughs, MRSA, Pneumonia, Bloodstream Infections, Wound Infections, Urinary Tract Infections, Meningitis, Conjunctivitis, Shigellosis, Gastroenteritis, Streptococcus, Diarrhea, Vancomycin-resistant enterococci (VRE) Infection, Rhinovirus, Hand-foot-mouth disease (HFMD), Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV), Hepatitis, Influenza, Norovirus, Viral Gastroenteritis, Ebola, Coronavirus, Measles (Rubeola), German Measles (Rubella) as well as molds, dust mites, fleas, bed bugs, and their eggs). The device is made of carbon steel and has four attached wheels ensuring both mobility and durability in the product.
How to use: Plug the UV Care Room Sterilizer to a 220v outlet and pull out the lamps according to your desired angle, set your timer to the desired duration and press the start button. A time delay feature allows you to leave the room safely with 20 seconds upon pushing the start button. It is advised to keep pets, people, and plants out of the area for the duration of sterilization. The device also has a motion sensor that automatically shuts off when motion is sensed to ensure added safety. UV Care Clean Air 6-Stage Air Purifier
UV Care Clean Air 6-Stage Air Purifier has an air-quality indicator that shows the air quality of the is through color, 99.9% PM 2.5 Purification Rate, 97.6 % Germ Purification Rate, 96.2% Formaldehyde Purification Rate within a 30 square meter range. The device allows you to adjust settings its one-touch LED display, a color display which presents the quality of your air, and ensures that you breathe in clean, germ-free air through its 6 stages of filtration: Washable Elementary Aluminum Pre-Filter Traps large particles like hair, dust, and dirt. 97% True HEPA (High-Efficiency Particulate Air) Filter Traps finer particles like dust, soot, pollen, and dander/pet hair. Activated Carbon Blocks larger particles to increase the life span of the Activated Carbon Filter. Cold Catalyst Filter Oxidizes and breaks down compounds and toxic substances such as benzene, ammonia, TOVC, etc. UV-C Lamp Eliminates up to 99.9% of germs, viruses, and bacteria that can cause Asthma, Allergic Rhinitis, Pneumonia, Small Pox, Chicken Pox, Measles, Tuberculosis, Influenza, etc. Negative Ions Clears the air of airborne allergens and truly freshens the air. Not just artificially masking the air quality.
How to use: Ensure the device is plugged into a 220v outlet and simply use the remote control to run on your desired duration. The device comes with Temperature Control (SLEEP + SPEED), a Child Lock (SLEEP + TIMER), and a Filter Reset (TIMER+SWITCH). UV Care 8-Stage Air Purifier with Humidifier
With a touch screen to adjust wind speed, 99.9% PM 2.5 Purification Rate, 97.6 % Germ Purification Rate, and a 96.2% Formaldehyde Purification Rate, UV Care 8-Stage Air Purifier with Humidifier is a product that is safe, tested, and recommended to clean your indoor air within 80 square meters through its 8-Stages of filtration: Washable Elementary Aluminum Pre-Filter Traps large particles like hair, dust, and dirt. 97% True HEPA (High-Efficiency Particulate Air) Filter Traps finer particles like dust, soot, pollen, and dander/pet hair. Activated Carbon Blocks larger particles to increase the life span of the Activated Carbon Filter. Molecular Sieve Adsorption Layer Eliminates smoke, strong odor, and harmful gases. Cold Catalyst Filter Oxidizes and breaks down compounds and toxic substances such as benzene, ammonia, TOVC, etc. UV-C Lamp Eliminates up to 99.9% of germs, viruses, and bacteria that can cause Asthma, Allergic Rhinitis, Pneumonia, Small Pox, Chicken Pox, Measles, Tuberculosis, Influenza, etc. Negative Ions Clears the air of airborne allergens and truly freshens the air. Not just artificially masking the air quality. Antibacterial Humidifier Filter A humidifier helps soothe dryness of the skin and throat. This filter ensures that the water vapor released by the humidifier is completely rid of germs and bacteria
How to Use: Simply ensure that the device is plugged into a 220 v outlet and press the start/end button via the touch screen. UV Care 8-Stage Air Purifier with Humidifier also comes with a child lock and sleep mode (lights turn off and less noise). Stay Fresh Breathe Clean Personal Air Purifier
Stay Fresh Canada Breathe Clean is a revolutionary portable air purifier that is personal, rechargeable, and continuously emits 5 million healthy Anions per cm3 /second that takeaway airborne pollutants, viruses, pollen, and smoke delivering fresh air anytime, anywhere. The device creates a 3 feet zone of cleaner and healthier air around your personal space. It contains anions that help a lot in protecting and conditioning the body from the harmful effects of positive ions, radiation, and airborne pollutants.
How to use: the device runs on a rechargeable polymer lithium battery which takes about 2 to 3 hours for a full charge and quietly runs for 10-12 hours. The unit is lightweight and also includes USB Cable and lanyard so you can easily wear it anytime and anywhere. Stay Fresh Canada Maximus Cyclonic Water Filtration Vacuum
The device uses a cutting-edge deep-cleaning Cyclonic Water Filtration System with the wet and dry cleaning function partnered with Cyclonic Water Filtration System provides the best filtration for household allergens and dirt. The incredible bagless design efficiently filters out sucked-in dust and immediately traps dirt particles into the water chamber even filtering the air with its HEPA filter. It is perfect for people who have been suffering from allergies and other respiratory ailments. Stay Fresh Maximus is using a “True- HEPA (high-efficiency particulate air) filter” which unlike other vacuum cleaners is a type of filter that can trap a large number of very small particles that other vacuum cleaners would simply re-circulate back into the air of your home. HEPA vacuums are recommended for minimizing dust, dander, and other common allergens in homes where people suffer from allergies and respiratory conditions. Maximus-Multifunctional use, 6 in 1 Vacuum
The Maximus Multifunctional use, 6 in 1 vacuum can be used as a wet and dry vacuum, blower, air purifier, deep cleaner, and a shampooer. Perfect for cleaning cars, floors, carpets, sofas, couches, mattresses, pillows, upholstery, curtains, linen, wall crevices, ceilings, appliances and keyboards the device can run 1 to 1.5 hours straight being equipped with a self-cooling motor to lessen the strain from the motor. It can also be used to clean water or liquid spills. The 6 in 1 vacuum is equipped with a variable power control which is an option that allows the operator to vary the vacuum motor speed to adjust the vacuum suction as they may deem necessary. Simply turn the dial to adjust the airflow. The vacuum is also lightweight with 4 castor wheels for mobility."
Corona virus. 	Corona virus: A) Virology: 1) Coronaviruses are classified as a family within the Nidovirales order, viruses that replicate using a nested set of mRNAs. The coronavirus subfamily is further classified into four genera: alpha, beta, gamma, and delta coronaviruses. 2) Positive mRNA strand virus. It is largest known RNA strand. B) Routes of transmission — Respiratory coronaviruses probably spread in a fashion similar to that of rhinoviruses, via direct contact with infected secretions or large aerosol droplets. Immunity develops soon after infection but wanes gradually over time. C) Clinical Manifestation: 1) Upper respiratory tract infections 2) Acute otitis media 3) Pneumonia 4) Temporarily linked to asthma attacks in both adults and children 5) The idea that coronaviruses produce diarrhea in humans is intriguing because of their clear intestinal pathogenicity in animals 6) Gastrointestinal manifestations -diarrhea, vomiting, nausea, and abdominal pain. 7) There is one reported case of encephalitis due to corona virus 8)Also seen in association with Kawasaki disease. D) Diagnosis: Until recently, no sensitive, rapid method existed to detect all of the known human coronavirus strains. Rapid techniques that can be used to detect coronaviruses from nasopharyngeal samples include reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) and immunofluorescence antigen detection assays. E) Treatment: 1) There is currently no treatment recommended for coronavirus infections except for supportive care as needed 2) Chloroquine has shown some activity against cultured cells. F)Prevention: 1) Preventive measures are the same as for rhinovirus infections, which consist of handwashing and the careful disposal of materials infected with nasal secretions. Several antiseptic/disinfectant solutions used commonly in hospitals and households, including chloroxylenol, benzalkonium chloride, and cetrimide/chlorhexidine, have been shown to be ineffective against coronaviruses That's it!
Rumored Buzz on corona virus map. 	"The first person diagnosed with coronavirus inside the U.S. has long been released in the hospital, In accordance with news reviews. The Washington state resident, who had a short while ago traveled to Wuhan, explained he was continuing to recover at your house. He was produced from Providence Regional Health care Heart in Everett.The most recent case is actually a person in Wisconsin who not long ago returned from Beijing, exactly where he came in contact with a coronavirus client.That doesn’t, having said that, necessarily mean American officers be expecting the US for being inundated with dozens of people or the virus will distribute broadly in the country.CDC continues to intently watch an outbreak of respiratory sickness because of 2019-nCoV which was to begin with detected in Wuhan City, Hubei Province, China. This HAN Update supplies a situational update and steerage to point out and native well being departments and wellbeing treatment suppliers.While in the NewsDad, 30, who's lived in British isles since he was eleven for being deported less than controversial lawHeartless officials stated Reshawn Davis's spouse Tonique Kerr would manage to Dwell devoid of him – even though she statements she'll need to go on Added benefits if he is deportedConsidered one of two new cases of the virus is a 27 calendar year-previous male Singaporean citizen without having latest vacation background to China, based on the Ministry of Health on Thursday night.There are already various cases of infected men and women exhibiting no symptoms, but it really’s still unclear whether this kind of asymptomatic or delicate cases are frequent, and regardless of whether or how infectious they are.“As a result of dimension of your Chinese economic system, considerable distress in China could spill around to U.S. and world-wide markets by way of get more info a retrenchment of threat urge for food, U.""If it's a droplet, you will find destined to be virus while in the droplets, so it may help defend it. But recall the virus is so smaller it could go with the mask,"" he mentioned. Health and fitness officers also clarified the distinctions involving isolation and quarantine. Isolation is accustomed check here to preserve a one that’s previously sick from infecting Other people. Quarantines restrict the motion of a person who is uncovered, but not nonetheless Unwell.Just one massive query is whether or not the coronavirus is usually in this article to remain. If attempts to consist of it fail, there’s a higher prospect that it'll turn out to be endemic. As check here with influenza, This may signify that deaths arise annually because the virus circulates, until a vaccine is formulated.Print Un crucero de Royal Caribbean con 12 pasajeros que han sido puestos en cuarentena debido a la preocupación por una posible infección por coronavirus ha atracado en Bayonne, Nueva Jersey.The report, printed in the Journal of the American Healthcare click here Affiliation, looked at 138 people from the Zhongnan Clinic of Wuhan University who had the coronavirus and created pneumonia, that may be a sign which the infection has grown additional significant.The Point out Department has issued a degree 4 vacation advisory telling people today to not travel more info to China due to outbreak."
TOMI’s SteraMist Preparedness for Aiding in the new Coronavirus-Wuhan or 2019-nCoV Outbreak. 	"TOMI Environmental Solutions, Inc. ® (“TOMI”) (OTCQB:TOMZ), is a global company specializing in disinfection and decontamination, utilizing its premier Binary Ionization Technology (BIT) platform through its SteraMist products - a hydrogen peroxide-based mist and fog composed of ionized Hydrogen Peroxide (iHP). SteraMist iHP technology has been deployed in the fight against EBOLA in West Africa, MERS in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and South Korea, and is now ready to be easily deployed throughout the world to aid in the fight against coronavirus-Wuhan (2019-nCoV) and other emerging pandemic risks.
With thousands of confirmed cases of the respiratory infection already noted worldwide, health officials have confirmed at least five (5) cases of coronavirus-Wuhan (2019-nCoV) in the United States. This virus could become our next pandemic.
Similar to Influenza A, SARS, and MERS, coronavirus is an enveloped virus. While this would often serve to protect the virus from possible threats, SteraMist features efficacy against Influenza A, SARS, MERS and similar, enveloped viral threats including coronavirus-Wuhan (2019-nCoV). TOMI has multiple EPA-accepted studies on the current label to meet the standard to respond to emerging pathogens in the enveloped and non-enveloped categories, which includes the current coronavirus-Wuhan (2019-nCoV) outbreak.
TOMI Environmental Solutions has partners throughout the globe standing by to rapidly deploy and aid in reducing the spread of this coronavirus-Wuhan (2019-nCoV) using SteraMist disinfection and decontamination. Companies in biological disaster management and emerging disease organizations throughout the world make up a strong, growing list of TOMI premier partners.
TOMI CEO, Dr. Halden Shane, states that “SteraMist has proven success against emerging pathogens and we remain confident in the ability of our technology to reduce the viral duplication in the air and on surfaces of all indoor environments in the fight against this novel coronavirus-Wuhan (2019-nCoV) threat. TOMI is working alongside many of our premier partners throughout Asia and, if needed, the world to bring SteraMist to those in need of the most effective disinfectant and decontaminant to fight coronavirus-Wuhan (2019-nCoV).” TOMI ™ Environmental Solutions, Inc.: Innovating for a safer world ® TOMI ™ Environmental Solutions, Inc. (OTCQB: TOMZ ) is a global decontamination and infection prevention company, providing environmental solutions for indoor surface disinfection through the manufacturing, sales and licensing of its premier Binary Ionization Technology ® (BIT ™ ) platform. Invented under a defense grant in association with the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) of the U.S. Department of Defense, BIT ™ solution utilizes a low percentage Hydrogen Peroxide as its only active ingredient to produce a fog of ionized Hydrogen Peroxide (iHP ™ ). Represented by the SteraMist ® brand of products, iHP ™ produces a germ-killing aerosol that works like a visual non-caustic gas. TOMI products are designed to service a broad spectrum of commercial structures, including, but not limited to, hospitals and medical facilities, cruise ships, office buildings, hotel and motel rooms, schools, restaurants, meat and produce processing facilities, military barracks, police and fire departments, and athletic facilities. TOMI products and services have also been used in single-family homes and multi-unit residences. TOMI develops training programs and application protocols for its clients and is a member in good standing with The American Biological Safety Association, The American Association of Tissue Banks, Association for Professionals in Infection Control and Epidemiology, Society for Healthcare Epidemiology of America, America Seed Trade Association, and The Restoration Industry Association.
For additional information, please visit http://www.tomimist.com/ or contact us at info@tomimist.com . Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 Certain written and oral statements made by us may constitute “forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the “Reform Act”). Forward-looking statements are identified by such words and phrases as “we expect,” “expected to,” “estimates,” “estimated,” “current outlook,” “we look forward to,” “would equate to,” “projects,” “projections,” “projected to be,” “anticipates,” “anticipated,” “we believe,” “could be,” and other similar phrases. All statements addressing operating performance, events, or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future, including statements relating to revenue growth, earnings, earnings-per-share growth, or similar projections, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Reform Act. They are forward-looking, and they should be evaluated in light of important risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our anticipated results. The information provided in this document is based upon the facts and circumstances known at this time. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements after the date of this release."
14 Health Care Workers nCoV Infected at Union Hospital In Wuhan - Hubei (2019-nCoV). 	"CNN goes to ground zero of Wuhan coronavirus outbreak in China 02:45 Super spreaders are a crucial part of a disease outbreak. Think about Mary Mallon, or ""Typhoid Mary,"" who was responsible for widely spreading typhoid in New York City in the early 1900s. Or the Chinese doctor who in 2003 spread SARS , or severe acute respiratory syndrome, to four different countries. Or the single patient at a South Korean hospital who in 2015 infected 82 people with MERS, or Middle East respiratory syndrome. The Wuhan virus is a cousin of SARS and MERS. All three are coronaviruses. Wuhan coronavirus death toll rises to 17 with 547 infected says China, sparking fears of wider spread The presence of a super spreader in Wuhan indicates that the virus can spread with some ease, said Michael Osterholm, an epidemiologist and professor at the University of Minnesota School of Public Health. He calls them ""super shedders,"" since they shed the virus -- for example, in sneezes or coughs -- in larger quantities than most other people. ""You only need one super shedder to say, 'This dog is going to hunt,' "" he said. ""It really does speak to the potential for this virus to be transmitted."" He added that there are probably more super spreaders -- or shedders -- of the Wuhan coronavirus than this one patient. ""If we have one super shedder, that tells us we're going to have more super shedders,"" he said. ""If there's one, there will be more."" A visual guide to the Wuhan coronavirus Osterholm's team at the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy is investigating the super spreader, and their research shows there might be more health care workers in or near Wuhan who've become infected than the 14 mentioned by the health official earlier this week. Super spreaders in coronavirus outbreaks On Tuesday, the mayor of Wuhan said one patient spread the coronavirus to a doctor and 13 nurses. The deadly new coronavirus has reached the US. Here's how to protect yourself The mayor, Zhou Xianwang, said a patient wasn't screened for the virus before being admitted to Union Hospital in Wuhan for neurosurgery, and after surgery developed a fever. Zhou, who spoke on CCTV, the state-run television station, did not specify when this occurred. Osterholm said his team's research shows that 20 health care workers have been infected by patients, with the other six cases possibly at hospitals in Wuhan and the nearby city of Huanggang. Public health officials are trying to avoid devastating super spreader events that happened with SARS and MERS. In 2003, a Chinese doctor who was staying at the Metropole Hotel in the city of Guangzhou infected other hotel guests who then traveled back to Vietnam, Hong Kong, Singapore and Canada. In Singapore alone, 94 cases of SARS can be traced back to the hotel, according to WHO . In 2015, there were five super-spreading events of MERS at hospitals in South Korea. In one case, a single patient spread the infection to 82 other people. The ramifications were huge. Two South Korean hospitals closed down, nearly 17,000 people had to be quarantined , and the economic loss was estimated at 9.3 trillion Korean won, or $8.5 billion. In all, 186 people became infected in the South Korea MERS outbreak and 38 died, according to WHO . "
Corona Virus – millions of Chinese under quarantine- South Africans stranded without help. 	"Corona Virus – millions of Chinese under quarantine- South Africans stranded without help Corona Virus – millions of Chinese under quarantine- South Africans stranded without help Alex Rose-Innes The death toll in China from the new Corona virus rose to 213 on Friday Jan 31, as more countries announced plans to evacuate their citizens from Wuhan, the Chinese city at the centre of the outbreak. The World Health Organisation (WHO) is calling this a global threat and all 31 provinces in China now have confirmed reports of positive cases. As many as 51 million Chinese are reported to be under quarantine. Beijing said there are at least 9,692 people confirmed to have the infection. Another 102,000 people were also reportedly under medical observation with possible symptoms of the respiratory ailment.
More countries are now evacuating their citizens from China and in Australia racial tension is at breaking point.
What is SA doing to help its citizens trapped in China? According to CNN, South Africans in Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel Corons virus outbreak, have expressed frustration about their government’s lack of evacuation plans from the city.South African Pieter Viljoen, who traveled with a colleague to Wuhan for a business conference before the city’s transport lockdown began, said the a uthorities in South Africa and its embassy in Beijing had not provided support or information about plans to repatriate them.South Africa’s embassy in Beijing also declined to help when his company made private arrangements to secure a flight to get them out of the country and requested assistance and documentation to begin their evacuation process, he says. Dozens of South Africans are caught in the city’s lock down had also complained about the South African government’s lack of communication in a WeChat group created to share information about the situation. Airlines around the world are suspending flights to China as the Corona virus spreads across the globe. “We are not getting any real assistance. The only information from the South African embassy is that we must comply with local authorities. In terms of leaving Wuhan, there has been no effort or communication about evacuation,” Viljoen said. He toll CNN News that he had remained in his hotel, which has shut down operations partially since the movement restriction put in place to help check the spread of the deadly virus. Supermarkets and grocery stores around his hotel in Wuhan’s Optics Valley area are running out of supplies, he said. “You have only these small supermarkets where you can get food right now because of the complete lock down. You can’t move around from one district to another, so supplies are not readily available,” Viljoen told CNN on telephone. South Africa’s embassy in Beijing declined to comment on Viljoen’s allegations and directed CNN’s request for comment to the Department of International Relations and Cooperation (DIRCO). The embassy had closed on January 26 for the Lunar New Year holiday and full operations only resumed Thursday, according to DIRCO . Emergency contact numbers manned by embassy staff were available for citizens in need of assistance to call during the holiday, the department added. (But according to those trying to phone, the phones remain unanswered.) DIRCO spokesman, Clayson Monyela, told CNN on Thursday that the South African government and its health ministry were working on all requests. However, they must also consider travel and quarantine measures imposed by Chinese authorities to prevent the spread of the virus. “We are not ignoring their plight, and we are quite aware of the need for speed to assist our citizens in Wuhan. We are liaising with the mission in Beijing to see how we can respond to the situation within the present context,” Monyela said. South Africa’s opposition party, the Democratic Alliance (DA), which said it was in touch with more than 100 South Africans in China, called on the foreign ministry to address the “dysfunction” at the county’s embassy in China, which it said had affected efforts to help stranded citizens. DA ABroad is now assisting South Africans. Uncertain future Despite growing calls for repatriation, South Africa’s Health Minister Zweli Mkhize on Wednesday said there were no plans to fly its citizens out as Chinese authorities have the outbreak under control. “The Chinese government has assured us that there is no evidence to necessitate the evacuation of foreign nationals living in Wuhan city, and they have called for calm in this respect,” Mkhize said. He added that they have been assured by the Chinese government that foreign nationals who fall sick will be treated in the same way as Chinese citizens. South African Jessika Bailing says she feels neglected by her country’s government. The 23-year-old English teacher, who moved from South Africa to Wuhan last year, said while many countries are racing to get their citizens out of the city, authorities in South Africa were reluctant to make such arrangements. “I’ve watched other countries’ governments go above and beyond to evacuate their citizens and then we are faced with that kind of response from our government, how can one not feel abandoned?” Bailing said. “The South African government may be putting things into place or trying to find some solutions to get the South Africans in Wuhan evacuated but neither me nor any other South African I have been in contact with feels that they are,” she added. Dustin Emslie says he’s disappointed by the South African government’s response to the situation. “I didn’t really expect the government to evacuate us, I just hoped there would be more concern for South African citizens abroad,” he said. Emslie, who has lived in Wuhan for six years, said he would leave with his Chinese wife and 3-year-old daughter, only if the whole family will go. “If I had to leave, it would only be if they could come with me to South Africa. There is no way I’m just going to abandon them here,” he said. He said while locals and expatriates had been trying to cope with the restrictions, the uncertainty about when the lock down will end had been the hardest to bear. “We have no idea when this epidemic will end. It could be months that we are under lock down here in Wuhan,” he wrote in a text message."
"""Quickly changed for the win"" Corona The Emergency property 'Straw even..'of The wind. "	"The film 'straw even holding my beasts'of this new Corona virus and expressed concern about the watchful heart to confessed.
3 days afternoon Seoul Samsung-Dong COEX Megabox in the movie 'straw even holding my Beasts'(Director Kim Yong-Hoon) the Press Distribution Board is opened. Kim Yong-Hoon Director, including actor and former also starring Jung Woo-sung Bae Seong-woo Shin Hyun-Bin is a person that lives by and for or attended.
'Straw even look like beasts'is life last chance to make a money bag for the worst of the one plan that ordinary human criminals electrode. The same name novel to the original resilient actor Army together for work the last 2 days(local time) stop down to the Rotterdam International Film Festival Jury Award, and more expectations to high was.
Conduction and Jung Woo-sung's first meeting is especially eye-catching collected. The conduction delay is past and a new life in order to live South of that ride to the pub to save Yuni station, Jung Woo-sung is gone with a lover because the bonds of debt-stricken, and one of the candy swamp and falls on the officials, solar station, each cased.
Conduction delay is Jung Woo-sung and of breathing for the movie ""the outcome when I saw the breathing is satisfactory that,""he confided me. He said, ""nothing like God did, but nothing like, difficult to God was the same. Prevent more shots and adaptation and the character of the Earth and understand and enjoy the movie shooting ends, in fact, taken only felt""in terms of ""the additional good work with again if I had to think,""he said.
Jung Woo-sung also ""evangelism and the nature of the encounters to increase the wait to have been. A good fellow on the scene any more were able to see value in the work of it was a chance. Other works anytime want to meet a""high satisfaction exposed.
Yoon is new Director of operations he thought he could spook and the scene went from ""conduction of map duration reach"" below the Dementia of the elderly was that your laugh inside me. Struggled to a home of sustenance and gums is most important, but the role of Bae Seong-woo screenplay for the original novel to read if the figures and more specifically that I have been ""on the scene that day to smoke,""he said. Shin Hyun-Bin, Price, who is intense for the scenario was fascinated, and for the worship and the work of joyfully took part and all did.
However, theater to pounce on the new Corona virus, when not negative was. Wuhan pneumonia with dread about one in ten life of the Confirm box from the theater to find that the audience's feet visibly diminished because. The national infectious disease crisis stage, the ‘attention’to ‘boundary’upgraded was. This new to the public becomes actor and Director who is also mixed up to hide did not.
Kim Yong-Hoon, Director ""the situation is not. The opening ahead and the mind is heavy,""said the new Corona virus a story about the bypass as I pulled out. Kim Bishop ""situation would be. In such a situation the film has received good reviews as a good idea. So and thank you""and finally in greeting.
Shin Hyun Bin, Jung is also concern exposed. Today thank you so much,""he said.
Jung Woo-sung is ""the irresistible natural disasters, the Avalanche have quickly changed for hope. Good works several works for our film and would emerge in a situation from the story so far there is no hope""in terms of ""what this situation to quickly progress and improvement, I hope,""he confided me.
Conduction delay ""I am so worried today there were many. Even many people cannot come up to me and said,""""You're ahead of joy but also a lot of worry involved. Our 'straw'with a thank you,""he said. Yoon is ""I this to go is,""and give a short scene to finish.
New Corona virus status in the theatre is an aspect of how the changes go. The film is the audience's interest and choose to receive not attention.
The film 'straw even look like beasts'is coming 12 days youre on.
"
Jackie Chan presents Rp 2.5 billion for those who can capture the Corona virus. 	"Home Lifestyle Health Jackie Chan presents Rp 2.5 billion for those who can capture the... Jackie Chan presents Rp 2.5 billion for those who can capture the Corona virus By 0 Jakarta –
Action movie star Jackie Chan offers a prize of 1 million yuan, almost the equivalent of 2.5 billion rupees, for the development of a new type of deterrent against the virus corona or 2019-nCoV.
Her latest film, Vanguard, was released in China because many people feared the spread of the corona virus in cinemas. He also wrote this concern in an article on Weibo, Chinese social media, which indicated that he would do something to help people affected by the plague in addition to entertaining them.
""Science and technology are the key to defeating the virus and I believe that many share the same ideas and I hope that the poison antidote can soon be developed,"" said the actor. 65 years old quoted by Strait News.
He has a rather ""crazy"" idea by offering compensation of a million yuan, as a thank you to those who have managed to find an antidote to the virus which has already infected more than 25,000 people today. .
""It's not nominal, it's just that I don't want to see the streets that used to be crowded go empty. I don't want my colleagues to fight the virus to death while they should enjoy life, ""he concluded.
"
Reported Corona Virus Cases in China Massively Under Counted Due to Shortage of Diagnostic Kits and Layers of Bureaucracy. 	"The official numbers from China for cases of 2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) are massively under counted due to a shortage of diagnostic kits because of overwhelming demand and a multi-layered bureaucracy that takes days or weeks to designate each case. The official count reported Sunday in China is 1975 cases with 56 deaths. A video by a nurse posted two days ago claimed 90,000 cases in Hubei Province, its Wuhan city and China. #china #coronavirus update as of 9:20 am HK Sunday 26 JanChina's National Health Commission is confirming 1975 coronavirus cases on the mainland and the death toll has risen to 56 as of the end of Saturday January 25.
A report by Renwu, a Chinese publication, published January 23 details the shortages and bureaucracy that help explain the disparity between official numbers and the videos of death and emotional breakdowns in Wuhan hospitals and the extraordinary actions by the Chinese government.
Provinces are being locked down, roads are blocked with berms and large concrete blocks, travel being restricted and pop-up hospitals are being constructed. This photo was sent to me a few hours ago by someone I know of in #Wuhan . They’ve haven’t (yet!) got #coronavirus and they tried to leave the city to take their family to safety. Every road out was blocked."
Travel Tips : Corona virus. 	To date of today 8 February 2020 I assume that anyone with access to news media knows that since December 2019 there is a flu-like virus going over almost all the world. In the media this flu-like virus is called Corona , but actually is labelled 2019-nCov. As Corona is a family name of a virus. The medical world does not know yet much about this virus except that it can be transmitted from human to human, it has an incubation time of 14 days and that you can die from it. The latter said, you can also die from any ordinary flu-virus. But currently there are worldwide at 7 February 2020 more as 31.000 people confirmed to have the virus and 637 people died of the virus. But mostly (97%) in China. But the numbers are growing daily. Outside China there have been confirmed people with the virus in Japan, Vietnam, Thailand, Singapore, Korea, Australia, Malaysia, Philippines, Cambodia, India, Nepal, Sri Lanka, USA, Canada, Germany, France, Italy, UK, Russia, Belgium, Finland, Spain, Sweden and UAE. And I am sure this list will grow in the coming weeks and months. For more information see : WHO Emergencies . So should we worry? My personal advice is, Yes! So should be panic? Again my personal advice, No! We should take all measures we can to prevent spreading and getting the virus. But it is like a flu-virus, if we would monitor a new ordinary flu-virus we would probably see that within a few months it is spreading all over the world also. But worldwide traveling has become so easy and so popular. And for many countries it has become an important source of income. So the advice not to travel will not be given lightly. So what I personally do? I minimise traveling and staying at place with crowds of people. And at big public places like a supermarket I will be wearing a face-mask (although that probably only protect others not yourself). Do I trust any government in handling this criss correct? No, as we see now that different countries take different measures. All just to protect their own country. So you better trust yourself.
In UAE, If You Are Infected with Corona Virus, Your Bill Is Free. 	"Whether they have insurance or not, novel coronavirus (nCoV) patients in the UAE will be treated for free, health authorities assured .

In a recent Dubai Health Authority (DHA) circular issued to hospitals based on directives from the Ministry of Health and Prevention (Mohap), all DHA-licensed health facilities must consider suspected or confirmed cases of the 2019-nCoV as emergency cases.
The circular stated that all health facilities must classify the cases in two categories: one for those with insurance coverage and another where insurance coverage is unavailable.
""If the patient has insurance, the cases shall be treated as emergencies according to insurance regulation and insurance companies will honour any claims received,"" it noted.
Meanwhile, for those who are not insured, ""the cases shall still be considered emergencies and suspected or confirmed cases will not bear any payment of healthcare costs at any healthcare facilities.""
The move aims to ensure the health and safety of the community and to contain patients with confirmed or suspected infection, and provide them with proper health services. Ads
Sponsored Links
Currently there are five nCoV-positive patients in the UAE, including a four-member Chinese family and a Chinese tourist.
Recently, one of them--a 73-year-old woman from China--has recovered from coronavirus. She thanked the Emirati health officials for the care provided to her and to the three members of her family.
"
Corona Virus incubation vs. racist border policies. 	So there is a new Corona Virus. Everyone is freaking out because the news media is blowing it up. My thoughts are, we really cannot stop it in the Bahamas if it is coming and definitely not by using racist policies that focus on a certain ethnicity. The major reason I think the ship has sailed is the incubation period. the averge is about 6 days (although the research is not yet peer reviewed, it seems robust). At a minimum, you need 2 days before symptoms show and up to 11 days can pass before symptoms start. In the mean time, the infected individual can pass the virus by coughing and sneezing, breathing on you etc. Or the classic cough in their hand and touch something you later touch. This means we would have to go back more than 11 days BEFORE the first case was identified and isolate all the people that person came into contact with in the prior 11 day period and maybe they got it from someone else. So, we woul dhave to go 11 days before that person got it. Plus there are other people who do not show symptoms, self medicate or actually can carry for a longer period without showing symptoms. There is no way we can find all these people and stop them. We can treat the symptoms. we can protect ourselves by staying away from crowds, washing our hands, and go see a medical professional as soon as you experience symptoms. No racist border policy will protect us. Remember that the USA has brought their citizens back into the country, there are cases throughout europe now and the spread in asia is fast.
Corona Virus Not The Flu. 	"Greg Cochran blogs :
I’ve seen people compare the new coronavirus to influenza. Some have said that we should worry more about the flu, since it kills every year (maybe 10,000 in the US last year). They are mistaken. The danger in this case is not entirely clear, but on the high end, we’re talking big trouble, way bigger than current influenza strains.
Current flu strains seem much less severe that this new coronavirus, much less likely to put you in intensive care or kill you. Fewer people are susceptible to the flu: we have a vaccine, and most people already have some degree of immunity from vaccination and past bouts with the flu. We have somewhat useful antiviral drugs for the flu.
2019-nCoV: it’s new, nobody is immune. As yet we don’t know of antiviral drugs that are effective against it, although people are certainly trying out existing ones. Perhaps we will get lucky. We will be working on a vaccine, and that is likely to succeed eventually, but that takes time, on the order of a year or more. Supportive care is helpful: ventilation and oxygen can give you time to beat the virus…
The only thing you can be confident of is that the situation is no _better_ than the official line – the current story is against interest, very bad for business."
To prevent corona virus. 	"Habitual English To prevent corona virus.
First of all, I don't care about it much actually. But I wash my hands often normally. And nowadays I wear a mask which father gave me.
​
The place I work in is located very far from a city It seems quite safe than other places. But many of people pay attention to the news about virus. Maybe, Being aware of corona virus would be helpful to prevent it also.
"
Human Idiocy and the Corona Virus. 	"Like everyone else, I've been following the news about the latest new virus coming out of China. Unfortunately, most of the coverage has been about trivial, ""human interest"" matters---like the Canadians trapped in the Wuhan quarantine. Having said that, I have noticed a couple more important stories buried under the emotion-laden fluff. I thought it might be useful to mention them---hopefully more to reinforce than to originally inform. First of all, I noticed a story in the Toronto Star about health care workers concerned about the Doug Ford's decision to get rid of the previous Liberal government's legislation that gave everyone---even minimum wage people---at least two paid sick days a year. The other thing is that our dear Premier's legislation reinstated the idea that employers can force employees to go to a doctor's office to get a sick note. The sop that the Conservatives threw to workers is that everyone is entitled to three unpaid sick days a year. As was pointed out, this is a monumentally stupid state of affairs in a world where there things like infectious diseases and epidemics. It means that people have a very strong economic inducement to go to work when they are feeling sick. Among other things, this means that when you buy a meal from a restaurant, there is a good chance that one of the people handling your food will have a communicable disease which they can share with you. It also means that even if you are lucky to work in an environment with paid sick days you might be forced (as I was several times before I retired) to waste the time of an over-worked health care professional, to leave your home where you are resting (and isolated from the rest of the population), and, wait in a room full of similarly sick people (who might have compromised immune systems) so you can share your illness with them. Secondly, I noticed that experts on emerging infectious diseases were complaining that this new strain of disease had probably emerged when a disease endemic in bats managed to ""jump species"" into human beings. Why would it do so? Well, primarily because some human cultures have a weird tradition of eating ""wild animals"". I'm not talking about First Nations people hunting seals, caribou, etc---I'm talking about rich folks chowing down on, mmm, delicious bat soup. If you can believe this National Geographic article , China has temporarily banned this trade and lots of ordinary people there are pressuring the government to make this permanent. Here's a short Youtube video that shows the same thing in Indonesia. As the National Geographic article above points out, this is not an ""innately Chinese"" thing, but rather something that only a very small number of people do. It is completely and utterly different from what our indigenous people do, as the animals are kept alive, travel long distances, are sometimes factory farmed, and, sold by disgusting markets where many different species are kept ""cheek by jowl"" in appalling conditions. This has created a perfect situation to super-charge the evolution of new strains of infectious diseases for human beings. Just to give you an idea of how bizarre this situation is, there is also some evidence that the virus moved from bats to poisonous snakes (cobras or kraits) before being transmitted to humans. Snakes and bats are two of those species being jammed together in cages at these idiotic disease factories. &&&& One last bit of grotesque information. One of the problems that comes from these infectious diseases stems from the fact that in the modern neo-liberal paradise that we've created a lot of our basic research on things like vaccines is done by private drug companies. And the problem is that there's not a lot of money to be made by creating vaccines for emergent diseases. You do that by sending out ""germ hunters"" to poke around in places like wildlife markets to collect samples and try to figure out what might be the next nasty pathogen. Then these are sent to government laboratories that can classify, identify, sequence the genes, and, so lots of the time-consuming preliminary work that would allow someone to rapidly create a vaccine for it if it emerges as a public health problem. We also need to create infrastructure around the world to keep track of emergent diseases and speed up the response if a pandemic comes along. The problem from a business point of view is that almost none of this work will create any revenue because it is preventative . It might be the case that some corporation might end up with something that would end up being used by huge numbers of people---like the current flu vaccines. But the fact is, that there's no real way of knowing which particular disease that will be ahead of the nasty pandemic. And once we have a second ""black death"" knocking at our doors---given modern air travel---it might very well be too late to accomplish anything before huge numbers of people are already dead. According to an article I found in Human Vaccines & Immunotherapeutics there has been a push to create this sort of infrastructure. In response, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, the World Economic Forum, Wellcome Trust and the governments of Norway and India co-founded the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI) in 2016, which aims to “stimulate, finance and coordinate the development of vaccines against epidemic diseases, especially in cases in which market incentives alone are insufficient”. Other entities, such as the governments of Germany and Japan, have since joined as investors. But it seems to me that it's kinda ridiculous that this is something that is being funded by a small number of countries and a couple charities instead of being something that every nation on earth (or at least every wealthy, technologically sophisticated nation) supports simply as a way of ""paying your dues"".&&&& Support indie media, subscribe through Patreon or Pay Pal .  Ultimately, this pandemic is just like the climate emergency. It's a symptom of human governments' inability to deal proactively with problems that are emerging from the dramatic expansion of human technology. Why is it that a scientist can't go to a government, explain this sort of problem, and, then get some action on it? Instead, we have to go through this crazy process where activists have to labouriously build consensus, fight back opportunist politicians who try to whip people into a frenzy of opposition, and, ultimately clean up the mess because we waited far, far too long to take rational action. The existing process simply takes too long and inevitably will lead to world-wide catastrophe.  Furthermore I say unto you, the Climate Emergency must be dealt with! "
3D Printed 2019-nCoV Infected Lung Model for Medical Use. 	"At present, the situation of the new coronavirus epidemic is severe, and relevant scientific researchers across China are working hard to continuously research the virus.
Recently, we have joined the project of  3D printed new coronavirus model , and continuously communicated with medical researchers, doctors, 3D modeler, etc. We hope to help to print out a model of lung infection case, which will help doctors and scientists study it more intuitively. It's also beneficial for doctors to explain the condition to patients and the government.
At present, we have 3D printed a new model of coronavirus lung infection case, which will be delivered to relevant hospitals for research and communication. The bilateralism of the peripheral lung opacities, without subpleural sparing, are common CT findings of the 2019 novel coronavirus pneumonia.
Our modeling is based on a lung lesion that was diagnosed about 5 days after the infection. After the 3D reconstruction of the CT image of the lesion to obtain model data, it is printed using a full-color 3D printer. We use the Polyjet technology Stratasys J750 3D printer to print, adjust the Shore hardness to adjust the soft hardness, adjust the different transparency and color to build a realistic and vivid model of coronavirus lung infection case.
This medical lesion model is modeled under the guidance of relevant doctors and will be sent to the hospital for research by experts in the respiratory field. It is convenient for them to explain the case entity analysis as well as the evolution process. New coronavirus model data has been mapped in medical institutions in Wuhan and Shanghai. After revising the data, the virus models can be 3D printed for medical use. 3D printing technology can quickly assist in the analysis of physical model evolution and the delivery of physical models in the field of medical emergencies. By 3D modeling of the new coronavirus, we can clearly know its crystal structure, gene structure, etc.
The 3D printed model will help scientists to conduct better research. For the presentation of intersecting complex structures in medical models, as long as the 3D model is designed, it can be printed using transparent/translucent/full-color 3D printing technology. KEYWORDS: 2019ncov ; 3dprinting ; coronavirus I stumbled upon this today when searching for information on permanent lung damage caused by 2019-nCoV. I found this fascinating because this is not an application of 3D printing that I had ever thought of and it is a novel application of 3D printing to an urgent world health problem. Many of us have heard of the ""ground glass opacity"" in lung tissue caused by the virus and wondered what it was. The models held below clearly show the regions affected by that.
Unenhanced CT images in a 33-year-old woman. | Credit to RSNA
A: The image shows multiple ground-glass opacities in bilateral lungs. Ground-glass opacities are seen in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe and apical posterior segment of the left superior lobe.
B: Image obtained 3 days after follow-up shows progressive ground-glass opacities in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe and apical posterior segment of the left superior lobe."
Interesting Psak: Shul and the Corona Virus. 	Feb 5, 2020 Interesting Psak: Shul and the Corona Virus This is a bit too brief for my liking, but Actualic bring an interesting psak about going to shul during this scare of the Corona Virus. According to the report, some Jews from China sent a question to a special beis din in Bnei Braq established to deal with medical issues and halacha headed by Rav Shmuel Eliezer Stern. These Jews in China are concerned about the spread of this dangerous Corona Virus and want to know if they should continue to go to shul to daven with a minyan or if they should avoid it out of fear of getting infected with the virus? The answer from the beis din was that we have to be more stringent regarding situations of danger than regarding situations of transgressing prohibitions. Ergo, if there is even a slight concern about the virus spreading and getting infected by going to shul,. one should not go to the shul. I guess this means it is not a blanket hetter to stay home, but if in the location where any specific person is there is a valid concern of the virus, one should stay home. If where you are there has been no virus and there is no real concern, then go to shul. Rav Chaim Kanievsky, and other rabbonim, have been asked similar questions and have answered similarly, adding that the professional authorities dealing with the issues should be listened to and instructions followed to avoid getting exposed to the virus. Everyone should stay healthy! 
Latest Update on Corona Virus. 	Amidst the controversy involving latest corona virus impact in China, a video has gone viral showing an unidentified Hazmat health professional exposing the truth. Wearing a contamination mask and suit the Chinese woman is making a public statement though she would probably be arrested if authorities knew who she was. The film footage of a city employee standing on the street and just keeling over onto the pavement followed by white suited medical professionals hoisting the victim onto a stretcher precedes the announcement. Point of origin Hubei is the province where the city of Wuhan is located and to date some 94 thousand people are known to have been exposed and are either quarantined or are being checked. Another piece of footage shows a patient at a quarantined facility going into seizures underneath bed sheets. According to the latest findings corona virus attacks the lungs directly. There is no gradual onset of cold or flu symptoms. The virus goes straight to the respiratory system. A person can carry the virus without symptoms for 2 weeks before suddenly succumbing to lung distress and fever. Death can result shortly after. Perhaps 72 hours or less is the reported prognosis after contracting the virus and the onset of symptoms. Most likely cases People over 50 years of age are the most vulnerable and tend to rapidly deteriorate under the outbreak of the virus in their system. There is no vaccine or past history of exposure from this strain of the virus so the very quick transmission of the pandemic among densely populated masses is feared. From there a rapid decline of the individual to resist the effects of the virus making a huge demand on local area hospitals is most likely. A surgical mask alone is not enough so that goggles to protect the eyes as well must be worn. Deaths in China so far are estimated at between 300 to 400 but with little news being willingly shared it could be much worse. No effective medical treatment Once again, with a secret germ warfare laboratory in Wuhan, it makes all this much too coincidental. Since the corona virus is not bacteriological antibiotics will not work! There is no antiviral medication to counteract this threat! Only a vaccine or the rapid response of antibodies by the victims can resolve this condition and this could take months if exposure has become as geometrically contagious as feared by authorities! Will this affect commerce such as trade? Yes, this will impact the distribution of product from China and the economies of the US and Europe will feel the implications. Just how much is a big question mark. All flights by US passenger carriers have been canceled and will remain so.
Coronavirus: Wuhan China corona virus disease (2020). 	Wuhan China corona virus disease (2020) Wuhan China coronavirus humans : Hates me the coast is perfect nails where medicine makes perfect sense today we’ll talk about corona virus it's not just one virus they are group of viruses so a more accurate word is called Corona v-ray ad which is a group of coronaviruses we’ll talk about it and we'll talk briefly about the new corona virus which is discovered in Wuhan China coronavirus humans .first we divide microbes into bacteria, fungi, viruses and parasites today’s topic is a corona is a freaking virus. Viruses: a virus is not exactly a living organism it's actually kind of in-between. it's kind of living and nonliving some people considered as at the edge of life why do you consider. its a none living thing because it’s likes a cellular structure. okay why is it similar to living things because. it can replicate very quickly indeed that’s why we call it go viral everybody wants to go viral nobody wants to go bacterial we first discovered those pathogens in about 1892 or so that's less than 150years ago.which historically speaking is nothing it doesn't even show up coronaviruses infect your cells and then they use. your own cells as a quote DNA making machined or RNA of course so they infect yourself and the term bacterioph age. some people say oh it's a bacteria no it’s virus that infects bacteria phage means. it's going to engulf it's going to eat it’s going to infect a bacterial you know there is a famous drug called Calacaphage glucophage is motorman. why do we call it fate because it's kind of eating the glucose. Read also: Foods for the Ketogenic Diet | Foods for keto diet list it's decreasing the level of glucose in the blood it makes yourself eat glucose defending your body against. viruses is the responsibility of your glorious lymphocytes we divide viruses into DNA viruses and RNA viruses corona virus or viruses are RNA virus. if you want a lame mnemonic corona has an R and or DNA viruses and RNA viruses it's a topic that drives medical students nuts so go to help hippo that's a my website. it's great by the way this guy has a brilliant song to help you remember the DNA and the RNA virus and this is from this channel. so DNA viruses are pucks herpes Hypanthia part that polyadena the second line no envelope. so therefore the first line has an envelope these are the 7 DNA viruses RNA viruses are 15 toga flay retro corona. Delta Arena Bonilla and Philo radon or foam extra parameter Poorly Kales Hip And REO the last line. none enveloped all of these are enveloped these non-enveloped viruses are also known as naked viruses. which is slightly inappropriate for a medical lecture okay. let's make our discussion relevant to the current events the Zika virus is a freaking Flakier virus which is RNA Ebola is Philo again RNA Corona includes common colds viruses SARS. which is severe acute respiratory syndrome Merced which is Middle Eastern respiratory syndrome. I'm from Egypt so it hits deep it's hitting home with mean the late 2019. corona virus discovered in Wuhan n4 novel which is because it's new novel in French corona very ad is the plural of virus. it's an RNA virus as you know here is the RNA positive sense yeah in fact all of the RNA viruses are positive except the red ones so except for these seven. so Delta is negative Arena negative Bunion negative and finales negative rep whose negative also mixed with negative power mixer is negative all of the others are positive sense RNA viruses. it’s a single-stranded RNA virus and it’s linear so all of them are linear except those three are circular and here is a circle just to remember. Read also: Keto diet meal plan free | vegetarian keto diet how about the cased of the virus it's Hellas opposed to what as opposed to icosahedra how about does. it have an envelope yes it's an enveloped virus as opposed to what as opposed to naked have told you all of these have an envelope. but these no envelope some of you people think that corona viruses have been discovered 23 days ago not true they areas ancient as the 1960s the last one has been discovered 23 days ago 2019 novel coronavirus ultra as wuhan virus. so here are the corona viruses 2 - 9 a and OC 43in the 1960s and we have source Co V is for corona virus H for human kornevvirus NL 63 and then HK Hong Kong and His also for human you won in 2005 MERS. which is the Middle Eastern respiratory syndrome in 2012 and the later wuhanvirus just 23 days ago in December 2019 New Year's. Eve the first two doo fuses cause common cold sores is the severe acute respiratory syndrome. this infamous and this one causes bronchiolitisthe Hong Kong one causes a respiratory disease. MERS Middle Eastern respiratory syndrome again a respiratory disease it’s also a nasty camel flu 2019 this is the hand corner verse have you noticed all of them caused risks fetor diseases so. how can we prevent them like wear am ask wash your hands do not get in contact with patients. it's just commonsense prevention is better than cure especially when there is no cure okay let’s talk. about the Wuhan converse thesis brand new this is literally 23 days ago so we do not know a lot about this virus and I'm recording this on January23rd 2020 anything can change in the next few days weeks or years. so please forgive me for any mistakes here this is just as far as I know Wuhan Konev ours is the same thing as novel Konev ours is the same thing as Wuhan. Konev ours is the same thing as Wuhan seafood market in pneumonia virus because we do not know. what to call itit'salso that 2019 and Cove four-corner virus all of these are synonyms. okay give me award that's a synonym to synonym okay that’s a good question for you to answering the comment section first cases of the Wuhan coronavirus were reported on December 31st 2019 the initial source is still unknown some people argue it's the seafood inane of the markets but it's doubted because other people who had no contact whatsoever with that market developed the corona virus snakes are probable reservoir would be too still we do not know human to human transmission is possible until January 22nd 2019 it’s not considered as a PhD I see by the World Health Organization.what the flips PhD I see a public health emergency of international concern so in other words. it's considered an emergency inching but not worldwide yet look folks newspapers love hysteria epidemics outbreaks. all of this because they ghetto sell more newspapers and they get you to click more on their articles so but just to put things into perspective the number of deaths from various causes from 29th of December to the 23rd of January not 29 th . it's actually like let’s say 31st or something it doesn’t matter that much from heart disease more than 1 million people died from heart disease about car accidents 90,000 HIV49,000 influenza virus 38,000 the Wuhan corner virus 25 until this moment but you will never hear about this tomorrow. when you read the newspaper because it does not sell enough papers you will hear about the Wuhan corona virus and have the world is coming to an end and humanity as we know.it is toast but as of this moment you're way more likely to die from heart disease than from any corona virus but if you watch the news to any4:7 this will increase your stress levels which is correlated with heart disease you are not helping anybody and please remember Ebola remember. when people were angry at former PresidentObama they said hey you should do something you shall burn all flights banal flights okay it's true that Jeffrey and his buddies are going to the beach and an airplane it's also true that little Carol is going to see her grandma but it's also true that there is neurosurgeon. I was flying to save about three to four kids lives there is also psychiatrist. whole is going to talk twosome patients who are suicidal when you ban all flights you might do more harm than good. but aren't you aware medico so the China has closed down some transport. yeah I know it happened in some cities not the entire country first we do not know yeti might be a good idea it might be abed idea. it might be a good idea for China but a bad idea for another country don't know I'm not an expert on these issues so please take my words with a grain of salt if you have any symptoms please talk to your doctor and as I say one disclaimer a day keeps the lawyer at bay here is a great quote from that genius.dr. Thomas auld there are no solutions in life only trade-offs everything will have some desired effects and some side effects and here are some great words from the insufferable Z dog MD I'm kidding. he's great person. while Ebola is bad let’s not forget the score c-diff staff and fellow already kill way more so instead of Ebola you can say while Coronas bad let’s not forget the score c-diff Stefan flow already kill way more okay medicos. so what's your prediction about techno virus it's difficult to make predictions especially about the future. let’s see what happened when some people made some smart predictions. which has lots of false predictions. here is another wrong prediction by another poll by 2005 or so it will be clear that the Internet’s impact on the economy has been no greater than the fax machines ah but hews awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics. which tells you something ok you're not funny Mehta kiss please tell us what can we do you take control of that which you can control if someone came to mean asked give me just one health advice that will have the greatest impact on the average person the answer is wash your hands. so here is what you can do according to the World Health Organization wash your hands cover your mouth while coughing or sneezing because it’s disgusting stop it people avoid close contact with patients seek medical care. if you have noticed any symptoms avoid direct contact with live animals avoid consumption of raw or undercooked animal products. I know that the rare steaks looks pink and amazing but it’s not safe man also please remember that risk equal hazard times probability and while this corona virus seems relatively hazardous with a case fatality rate about three to four percent the probability of you developing this infection is extremely rare until this moment in the next topic article we will continue our Rheumatology playlist we’ll talk about management of rheumatoid arthritis we shall discuss the small molecule inhibitors.
Corona virus Update : symptoms - Cure - prevention - treatment- explain. 	In this article I will explain everything about corona virus, symptoms, cure, prevention, treatment. China launched mobile app to fight against corona virus. In this article i am telling you Coronavirus update - China launch mobile app to detect corona virus - so let me explain you corona virus cure and I will explain about corona virus. Corona virus break down being a headache for whole world now, corona virus which was initially break down in Wuhan city of China , is now spreading in whole world, many countries being a victim of corona virus . Whole world is trying to find a cure for this corona virus , but still we didn't found, China is trying hard to find any cure of this problem , they are taking many steps, initially they build hospital for corona virus patients in 10 days, now they launched a mobile app which will tell people where they shouldn't go, and where they have higher chance to get affected by corona virus . Now let's see common questions and thier answers about corona virus. .. 1) What is corona virus effects ? Ans. Person who gets infected by corona virus will have breathing problems,which may can lead to death. 2) What is coronavirus ? Ans. Corona virus is a virus which was initially found in animals but noww it is spreading to humans. 3) What is coronavirus prevention ? Ans. Cover your mouth and nose while sneezing and coughing,do regular Handwash, keep your self clean and keep environment clean whenever you go in public place cover your mouth with mask. 4) Is there any corona virus case in india ?? Ans. Yes,in Kerala first case reported of corona virus then many cases in different states reported of corona virus. 5) What is Coronavirus symptoms ?? Ans. Coughing,sneezing,fever and breathing problems. 6) is there any treatment for corona virus ?? Ans. Till now 11-02-2020 there is no treatment for corona virus but whole world is trying to find treatment. 7 ) is corona virus deadly ?? Ans. Yes 
Dispatch from corona virus quarantine: How this vacation cruise turned into a nightmare at Yokohama. 	"Gay Courter is a novelist who lives in Florida.
Nine blurry days have passed since the cruise we boarded last month was quarantined because of the coronavirus . Little did we know when we embarked on our vacation that we would sail into “ Groundhog Day ”-like surrealism off the coast of Yokohama, Japan.
Our journey started out innocuously. My husband Phil and I spent five days in Japan with friends from Crystal River, Fla., before setting out on the Diamond Princess. For two weeks, we enjoyed dances, shows and other cruise activities. We had a lavish dinner on Feb. 3 — escargot, prime rib and creme brulee — and that night put our luggage in the hallway so crew members could offload our bags more easily the next morning.
AD We then heard that a passenger who had disembarked in Hong Kong had tested positive for the new virus edging its way out of China. The captain announced that there might be delays with disembarking and that passengers needed to be tested. The ship entered the port of Yokohama, and a phalanx of quarantine officers boarded. Our temperatures would be checked, we were told, because elevated temperatures are an early sign of infection.
AD We slept fitfully. The next morning, the captain, in his mellifluous Italian accent, announced that passengers could have breakfast as usual and then return to their cabins. Examining a ship full of people would take time; they estimated it would be at least 24 additional hours. We could roam the ship, we were told. We did, but opted to avoid the crowded buffet.
I grabbed some fruit and desserts for our stateroom, not knowing how else to stock up on food. That night, there were no instructions to put out our luggage. The next morning, the captain announced that a 14-day quarantine had been imposed and said we were not allowed to leave our rooms. Six hours later, a steward brought a meager breakfast of two yogurt cups, two bottles of water and two scoops of fruit salad.
AD The luxury cruise was over. We were prisoners in a posh penitentiary.
AD The days since have slipped into one another. The captain’s voice has become wearier as he relays the grim statistics: 10 new cases of infection, another 10, 41. A total of 64, then 135, then 218 . With each new infection, I become more anxious. Our ship gets daily bulletins from the U.S. Consulate in Tokyo, but no one offers what we most need: a jailbreak.
I am 75, and my husband is 77. With my insulin supply dwindling, I tried to order more through the ship but got nowhere for a week. Luckily, our phones and Internet work, and a doctor friend in Florida shipped a refill to our floating penitentiary. After delays in customs, my medication reached me on Friday.
AD So far, my lowest point has not been my medication anxiety but, instead, seeing a bus pull up and fire trucks line up to block media coverage of a partial evacuation. Reports have suggested that men in their 70s are at high risk for infection. There is no telling who is next to be released — or next to fall ill.
AD After our temperatures were taken on the first day of quarantine, no one checked us for a week. On the fifth day, we were given electronic thermometers and told to report any readings above 99.5. Phil quivers through the interminable wait for the reading that lets him know he’s safe — for now. We have no idea whether people will accurately self-report or possibly try to ride out a fever. We were finally swabbed on Friday and told that results would take three days.
The timing of our test was dictated by our ages. We don’t know why everyone on board, especially the crew, was not tested immediately. Even if testing supplies are expensive, or limited, or both, what other situation are kits reasonably being saved for?
AD The Japanese government must protect its citizens while also treating all on board this ship ethically. News reports Friday indicated more than 40 new cases just among the 3,500-plus people — passengers and crew — on board the Diamond Princess. Surely quarantining healthy people with sick ones is not the best option for anyone on this ship or on land. Japan has to find a reasonable balance for citizens and visitors alike. If healthy tourists risk exposure through forced quarantines, what might that mean for, say, the Tokyo Olympics this summer? Who will risk sitting in a crowded stadium in Japan, or sending their athletes to compete?
AD Peering out at the lights of Yokohama, I imagine that some of the twinkling comes from the U.S. military base, with its dock and hospital. Isn’t that considered U.S. soil? A few people have been allowed to leave this ship. Those still stuck here are desperate for everyone on board to be tested so that those who are healthy today will not be infected tomorrow.
Read mor e:
Dana Milbank: As health experts sound the alarm, Trump fights coronavirus with alternative facts
Richard Haass: Why the coronavirus should change the way we think about China
David Ignatius: How the coronavirus threatens Xi’s ‘Chinese dream’
Robert Gebelhoff: An epidemic expert: Are we past the point of containment for coronavirus?
What you need to know about coronavirus Updated February 15, 2020 The latest : The first coronavirus death outside of Asia was reported in France.
Americans aboard the coronavirus-stricken Diamond Princess cruise liner off the coast of Japan were notified by they U.S. government that they would be evacuated, but will be required to undergo a 14-day quarantine once back in the United States.
Here are the biggest questions surrounding coronavirus .
Are you in isolation or quarantine because of the coronavirus? We want to hear about it. Have you seen or experienced any discrimination, racism or xenophobia connected to the ongoing coronavirus epidemic? Share your story.
Mapping the spread of the new coronavirus: The United States, Germany, Sri Lanka, France, Cambodia, the Philippines, India, Thailand, Japan, Nepal, Hong Kong, Singapore, the United Arab Emirates, Canada, Vietnam, Macao and South Korea have all confirmed cases of the infection .
What is coronavirus and how does it spread? Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses whose effects range from causing the common cold to triggering much more serious diseases, such as severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS. Here’s what we know so far."
How Much You Need To Expect You'll Pay For A Good corona-virus. 	"The Threat of that virus is concealed ""beneath the stone"". It will break down the ""bisness/productivity international chain"" - what will lead us to hunger and then comes war. ( Nations dont have One more possibilities - they must shut the borders.China Customs began requiring that all travellers moving into and exiting China complete an extra wellness declaration type from 26 January. The well being declaration sort was stated in China's Frontier Well being and Quarantine Regulation, granting the customs rights to demand it if needed. The customs claimed it'll ""restart This method"" as it was not a prerequisite in advance of.[247][248][249]Local officers in Wuhan along with the province of Hubei have faced criticism, both domestically and internationally, for mishandling the First outbreak.[379] Allegations incorporated insufficient professional medical provides, lack of transparency to the push and censorship of social networking during the Original months from the outbreak.[380][381] On one January 2020, the Wuhan law enforcement interviewed eight inhabitants for ""spreading Untrue information"" (characterising The brand new infection as SARS-like).[382][a hundred and sixty] One of these, a doctor named Li Wenliang who educated his former medical college classmates of the coronavirus inside of a WeChat group after inspecting a affected person's healthcare report with indications on the sickness, was warned because of the police on three January for ""building untrue remarks"" that had ""seriously disturbed the social order"" and produced to indicator an announcement of acknowledgment.When you've got returned from any affected region in China and have created a sore throat, higher temperature, runny nose or issues in respiration, don’t shift outside the house your own home right until authorized by a healthcare provider.""The one thing that’s valuable is a person’s travel heritage. If a person has traveled to Wuhan following December 1 and made indicators two weeks later, then that human being is at substantial threat and should simply call their medical professional,"" she states.No situations found out in Africa up to now for two causes: * both because the overall health techniques you will find underdeveloped thus they might’t diagnose it and it really is previously spreading * and/or maybe the frequency of flights and the amount of travelers amongst China and Africa is way smaller sized than involving China and other continents. A Alberto 31 January 2020There isn't any must stress. The unfold on the virus outdoors China is stressing although not an unpredicted enhancement. The WHO has declared the outbreak to become a public wellness unexpected emergency of Global issue, and suggests You will find there's “window of opportunity” to halt the spread of the illness.fourteen:33 Italy and Turkey said they'd start out checking the temperatures of all arriving passengers at their respective airports. Turkish officers claimed that thermal cameras would begin screening on Thursday, when Italy mentioned they might use thermo-scanners.The Uber people suspended experienced ridden with two motorists who arrived into contact with a doable coronavirus situation (Graphic supply: Bloomberg) Uber Technologies Inc has suspended 240 user accounts in Mexico to comprise the possible unfold of coronavirus.At the height of chilly and influenza time, it’s tough to realize why particular viruses are riskier than Some others. Nanda says generally, just how a person’s signs manifest relies on simply how much ""ammunition"" a virus has, and by themselves immunity.On 27 January, the final Place of work in the State Council of China, among the top governing bodies of your Persons's Republic, officially declared a nation-broad extension on The brand new Calendar year getaway as well as the postponement of the coming spring semester. The Business prolonged the Formerly scheduled public holiday break from thirty January to 2 February, while it claimed university openings for your spring semester will be introduced Down the road.[250] Some universities with open campuses also banned the general public from visiting.[251] On 23 January, the schooling Office in Hunan, which neighbours the centre from the outbreak Hubei province, said it will strictly ban off-college tutors and prohibit unapproved student gatherings, equally of that happen to be prevalent analyze tactics in China.[252] Training departments in Shanghai and Shenzhen also imposed bans on off-college tutoring and asked for that schools monitor and report learners who had been to Wuhan or Hubei province through the Wintertime break.It absolutely was enlightening and correct It helped me apparent my uncertainties It assisted me understand The subject superior Other I have a Question?The CDC claimed they “feel the potential risk of 2019-nCoV on the American public at massive remains very low at the moment.” coronavirus Having said that, the CDC also cautions that the situation is “speedily evolving.”The globe Wellbeing Group (WHO) is so worried about the risks with the coronavirus that they may maintain an unexpected emergency committee on Jan 22 to find out if action needs to be taken. There is currently no vaccine or cure for the coronavirus. Leave a Reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name *"
Corona Virus prank gone too far. 	"Imagine what joy some people derive in playing with something as serious as death itself. On Monday, a flight from Canada that was going to Jamaica, was forced to abort mission and turn back, because a passenger on board pranked everyone on board that he had visited China and was infected with corona virus and was feeling unwell two hours into the flight.
The prankster James Potok Philipe thought it was funny to play this prank because he thought he could make a viral video out of this prank. He was immediately masked before he could infect anyone and the plane was taken back to canada where it was coming from and on emergency landing.
The prankster was checked for any sign of the virus, and after none was found on him by the medical team, he was charged to court for the mischief.
last week Saturday in Abuja, Nigeria, some young nigerians, about five Nigerians had gone to an Abuja hospital and pranked them that they had contacted the corona virus too. This sent every patient running helter skelter, before the pransters Peggi Shandi, Abayomi Adedoyin,David Enemigin, Priscilia Ajesola and Jacob Oji were arrested by the police and charged.
While these pranksters for selfish reasons might think its funny to play pranks with a disease that is epidemic and has infected more than 20,000 people in china and killed about 500 globally, some people think this kind of behaviour is really dumb, stupid and insensitive on other people.
"
Vir Biotechnology Identifies Two Antibodies That Bind to the Spike Protein of 2019-nCoV, Newly Named as SARS-CoV-2. 	"Vir Biotechnology, Inc. (Nasdaq: VIR), a clinical-stage immunology company focused on immune approaches to treating and preventing serious infectious diseases, today announced that it has identified two monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) that bind to SARS-CoV-2 (previously known as “2019-nCoV”), which were originally found because they bind and neutralize the original SARS-CoV. The antibodies target the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein in the region that the virus uses to enter cells through the cellular receptor ACE2. Infection with SARS-CoV-2 causes the newly named disease, Covid-19.
“We are in the process of assessing neutralization with a pseudo-virus,” said George Scangos, Ph.D., CEO of Vir. “In addition, we are working with international partners to assess the capacity of these antibodies to neutralize the live virus, SARS-CoV-2.”
The company is moving ahead with research to determine if its antibodies, or additional antibodies that it may be able to identify, can be effective as treatment and/or prophylaxis against SARS-CoV-2. To that end, the company is exploring collaborations with a number of other companies and governmental agencies. Amongst these are specific efforts at accessing manufacturing capacity globally.
“We are pleased that, using the same platform that was used to isolate mAb114 which has proven to be active against Ebola, we have quickly identified antibodies with potential biological activity against SARS-CoV-2,” said Herbert “Skip” Virgin, M.D., Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer, Vir. “We are working as rapidly as possible and look forward to sharing more information as we have it.”
Vir identified these antibodies from an existing library of 20 fully human antibodies that bind and neutralize related coronaviruses, such as SARS-CoV and coronaviruses that infect animals. This library was built through a robust method for capitalizing on unusually successful immune responses naturally occurring in people who are protected from, or have recovered from, infectious diseases, including those caused by rapidly evolving and/or previously untreatable pathogens.
Antibody-based therapies are different from vaccines and have distinct attributes that may make them potentially valuable, particularly in pandemic settings:
Antibodies can be therapeutic and prophylactic, meaning they can be used as a treatment for people who have been infected and can also protect people who have been, or may be, exposed to infection. Whereas a vaccine requires an individual to make an immune response, which can take weeks and be insufficient, an antibody provides the immune response, which can be effective within hours of injection and is not dependent upon the individual making an immune response to the pathogen. Antibodies can be engineered to have an extended half-life of several months or more. Vir is investigating other approaches to identify additional potential therapies for SARS-CoV-2. In addition to testing these two antibodies, the company is also exploring the isolation of new antibodies specific for this virus using its antibody technology platform. These efforts may allow additional approaches to address this rapidly emerging public health epidemic.
About Vir’s Antibody Platform
Vir has a robust method for capitalizing on unusually successful immune responses naturally occurring in people who are protected from, or have recovered from, infectious diseases. The platform is used to identify rare antibodies from survivors that have the potential to treat and prevent rapidly evolving and/or previously untreatable pathogens via direct pathogen neutralization and immune system stimulation. Vir engineers the fully human antibodies that it discovers to enhance their therapeutic potential. This platform has been used to identify and develop antibodies for pathogens including Ebola (mAb114, currently in use in the Democratic Republic of Congo), hepatitis B virus, influenza A, malaria, and others.
About Vir Biotechnology
Vir Biotechnology is a clinical-stage immunology company focused on combining immunologic insights with cutting-edge technologies to treat and prevent serious infectious diseases. Vir has assembled four technology platforms that are designed to stimulate and enhance the immune system by exploiting critical observations of natural immune processes. Its current development pipeline consists of five product candidates targeting hepatitis B virus, influenza A, human immunodeficiency virus and tuberculosis. For more information, please visit www.vir.bio.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “potential” and similar expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on Vir’s expectations and assumptions as of the date of this press release. Each of these forward-looking statements involves risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release include statements regarding the company’s efforts to neutralize the SARS-CoV-2 virus and identify additional potential therapies for SARS-CoV-2, and its ability to address the emerging public health epidemic. Many factors may cause differences between current expectations and actual results including unexpected safety or efficacy data observed during preclinical or clinical studies, challenges in neutralizing SARS-CoV-2, difficulty in collaborating with other companies or government agencies, and challenges in accessing manufacturing capacity within China. Other factors that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements in this press release are discussed in Vir’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the section titled “Risk Factors” contained therein. Except as required by law, Vir assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations, even as new information becomes available.
Contact: Vir Biotechnology, Inc. Investors Neera Ravindran, MD Head of Investor Relations & Strategic Communications nravindran@vir.bio +1-415-506-5256 Media Lindy Devereux Scient PR lindy@scientpr.com +1-646-515-5730"
This Is What Happened After One Chinese Company Rushed To Reopen After The Corona-Chaos. 	"Earlier today, Rabobank’s Michael Every laid out succinctly the dilemma facing Beijing, when he said that “China appears to have perhaps decided that the economic damage being wrought by a demand collapse and supply-chain shutdown is just too much to bear.” As reported overnight, Xi Jinping stated that China will meet its economic goals AND win the battle vs. the virus, and Beijing is urging firms to increase output even as the capital itself is largely locked down – and other cities are physically locking people into their homes. That’s as even the US admits that the Phase One trade deal will be slow off the market due to the virus impact.
Of course, China is no stranger to Double Think: as Every put it, “a freely-floating, controlled currency; market-determined, state-directed interest rates; and free-trade mercantilism. Yet increase economic activity from here and the virus will spread, both internally and globally. Concentrate on just the virus, and the local and global economic impact will be enormous.”
That, in a nutshell, was how Rabobank saw China’s “dialectic that has no comfortable Fichtean synthesis to the thesis and antithesis” and concluded that “things are going to get nasty for economies and markets – especially with official WHO word that a vaccine is 18-months away.”
Today, two days after China officially returned to work, we got the first confirmation of just how catastrophic Beijing’s order to local enterprises and businesses to rush back reboot the economy could be, when Jennifer Zeng reported that a company in Suzhou reopened, and immediately at least one CoVid2019 case found. As a result, the company’s 200+ employees couldn’t go home and were immediately placed under quarantine. At least the workers managed to “organize” quilts for themselves. Company in #Suzhou reopened. One #CoVid2019 case found. Over 200 employed couldn’t go home and immediately under quarantine. They managed to organize quilts for themselves. 
This is just the first such case. Expect many more – especially across Hubei and its neighboring provinces – as latent cases of Coronavirus which were never caught and cured spark new infections and mini epidemics, all of which dutifully captured on a smartphone clip for everyone in China to watch and freak out even more."
Corona-panic: Countries defy the world health organisation's warning. 	"the Fear of coronavirusset get more and more countries to introduce a ban on entry for foreigners who have been in China recently. This is despite the fact th Corona-panic: Countries defy the world health organisation's warning
the Fear of coronavirusset get more and more countries to introduce a ban on entry for foreigners who have been in China recently. This is despite the fact th Ann McDonald 02 February 2020 Sunday 01:00 6 Reads
the Fear of coronavirusset get more and more countries to introduce a ban on entry for foreigners who have been in China recently.
This is despite the fact that the world health Organization (WHO) has warned against such actions.
It writes the BBC.
Authorities in the UNITED states and Australia have indicated that they will refuse foreigners, who have recently been in China, to enter the country.
Countries such as Russia, Japan, Pakistan and Italy, have introduced similar rules. Most recently the Philippines on Sunday joined the list of countries.
Community - 31. jan. 2020 - pm. 13:34 Here is the tortuous way home from Wuhan
- travel restrictions may do more harm than good, as it can prevent the sharing of information, the medical supply chain and the economy, was the warning from the WHO on Friday.
the WHO has declared coronaudbruddet for an international health crisis. The WHO recommends screening of incoming at all official border-crossing points.
the Facts on corona-the outbreak
The infectious coronavirus, which so far has claimed the lives of over 300 people in China, continues to spread all over the world.
on the Night of Sunday, the first death has been confirmed outside of China in the Philippines.
so far over 20 countries have confirmed cases of the virus, which has its epicenter in the chinese city of Wuhan.
the Cases are distributed over these countries and regions:
"
Proya sets up US$2.2 million charitable public fund to fully support 2019-nCoV epidemic prevention and control. 	"In line with the firm's corporate mission of delivering a ""Beautiful and Better Life"", Proya Cosmetics Co., Ltd. (SHA: 603605) is contributing to the effort to control and prevent further expansion of the 2019 novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) epidemic during these critical days.
Set up of a US$2.2 million charitable public fund to donate cash and scarce medical supplies
Immediately after the onset of the outbreak of 2019-nCoV in Wuhan , the co-founders and senior management team of Proya worked day and night in concert with the Wuhan Red Cross to understand the real needs, while quickly organizing overseas teams to purchase from European countries medical protective supplies urgently needed in Wuhan .
Proya also formally set up a RMB 15 million (approx. USD 2.2 million) charitable public fund for the purchase of medical supplies, the provision of cash donations as well as assistance to infected employees, partners and their families, among other philanthropic causes.
The first batch of aid, including RMB 3 million (approx. USD 430,000) in cash and EUR 280,000 (approx. RMB 2.14 million) in protective masks and other emergency medical supplies purchased from Europe , has been donated to the Wuhan Red Cross and the Wuhan Charity Federation for epidemic prevention and control. At the same time, the company continues to source medical supplies worldwide to send to the stricken areas.
Establishment of a special group on epidemic response
The special leading group on epidemic response will share the information concerning the spread of the disease as well as the prevention and control measures issued by the state authorities as soon as possible. At the same time, Proya will prepare for the resumption of work after the Spring Festival, such as the implementation of on-site offices, mobile offices, conference calls and other working models, in response to the local government's call to adopt office protection measures, including disinfection, provision of face masks, among others. For employees who are in areas identified affected by the epidemic, the group will regularly keep track of the evolving news and information in real time and advise employees on how to best protect themselves.
Emergency adjustment of consumer services
From now on, the operating hours of all Proya physical stores will be adjusted according to the local situation. During this period, it is recommended that consumers communicate with beauty consultants online, or purchase products from Proya's online flagship stores, all of which will remain in operation.
Proya will continue to give full support to epidemic relief efforts, strengthen confidence and work together. The company firmly believes that Proya and the people will get through this difficult period together during this special Spring Festival. Because Proya and the people are always together."
ALARMING AMOUNTS OF SULPHUR DIOXIDE GAS BEING EMITTED FROM WUHAN, CHINA: Are We Not Being Told the Truth About the Corona Virus?. 	"Certain credible news outlets are reporting alarming images of the area of China called “Wuhan” where the outbreaks of the Corona Virus are most concentrated. What do the images show?
They show an immense amount of Sulphur Dioxide Gas being emitted into the atmosphere, and experts are saying that is coming from constant cremation of bodies 24/7.
This has experts speculated that China is not reporting truth to the rest of the world about the Corona virus and the number of casualties. Wuhan crematoriums ‘are burning bodies 24/7 to cope with extra workload during coronavirus outbreak’ Wuhan crematoriums working around the clock to cope with influx of bodies Worker Mr Yun said ‘more manpower’ needed as chambers are working 24/7 Bodies of coronavirus victims must be burned, not buried to prevent spread Wuhan crematoriums are reportedly working around the clock to cope with the extra workload during the coronavirus outbreak. It comes as the death toll from the virus climbed to 490 in China on Wednesday. The bodies of victims who have died from the virus must be cremated rather than buried, China’s National Health Commission ruled on February 1. According to Mr Yun, at least 100 body bags are required every day. The bodies are collected from Wuhan’s three main hospitals plus other small hospitals, as well as private residences. ‘Since Jan. 28, 90 percent of our employees are working 24/7 … we couldn’t go back home,’ Mr Yun told The Epoch Times . ‘We really need more manpower.’ He explained that the funeral homes in Wuhan are struggling to cope with the influx of bodies. ‘Almost all staff at each funeral home in Wuhan are fully equipped, and all Wuhan cremation chambers are working 24 hours,’ he said.
Officials in protective suits next to the body of one of the victims of the virus. A crematorium worker in the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak has revealed the long working hours he and his colleagues are putting in to transfer bodies from hospitals and private homes
Medical personnel check the body temperature of people entering a community health center and pharmacy in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province on February 3 Mr Yun and his colleagues are provided with protective suits to protect them against transmission. ‘For us who transfer the bodies, we don’t eat or drink for a long time in order to preserve the protective suit, because we need to take off the protective suit whenever we eat, drink, or go to the bathroom. The protective suit can’t be worn again after being used,’ he told the publication. The Wuhan local added that other staff at the funeral home including receptionists lack the necessary protective clothing and resort to wearing raincoats. Family members are reportedly prevented from seeing their loved one’s bodies, which are picked up by the funeral home staff, due to the risk of potentially becoming infected. Since its outbreak, more than 20 countries have confirmed cases of 2019-nCoV, prompting the World Health Organization (WHO) to declare a global health emergency, several governments to institute travel restrictions, and airlines to suspend flights to and from China. The WHO has said the outbreak does not yet constitute a ‘pandemic’. The disease is believed to have emerged in December in a Wuhan market that sold wild animals, and spread rapidly as people travelled for the Lunar New Year holiday in January. China has struggled to contain the virus despite unprecedented measures, including virtually locking down more than 50 million people in Hubei province. source
Could this be part of Population Control? Remember – the Georgia Guide Stones first commandment: “Maintain Humanity under 500,000,000 in Perpetual Balance with Nature”
That would mean that the powers that be would have to wipe out over 95% of the world’s population!
We must pray for the people of China and the rest of the world.
Pray for our brethren in China that God would protect them.
PRAY that our Lord Jesus comes soon for us!! And also pray that this frightening scenario will bring many of the lost to the Throne of Grace."
Pangolin identified as possible host of Corona VIrus. 	"The deadly coronavirus outbreak in China could have spread from bats to humans through the illegal traffic of pangolins, the world’s only scaly mammals, which are prized in Asia for food and medicine, Chinese researchers said.
The pangolin is one of Asia’s most trafficked mammals, although protected by international law, because its meat is considered a delicacy in countries such as China and its scales are used in traditional medicine, the World Wildlife Fund says.
“This latest discovery will be of great significance for the prevention and control of the origin (of the virus),” South China Agricultural University, which led the research, said in a statement on its website.
The outbreak, which has killed 636 people in mainland China, is believed to have started in a market in the city of Wuhan, in central Hubei province that also sold live wild animals.
Health experts think it may have originated in bats and then passed to humans, possibly via another species.
The genome sequence of the novel coronavirus strain separated from pangolins in the study was 99% identical to that from infected people, China’s official Xinhua news agency reported, adding that the research found that pangolins to be “the most likely intermediate host.”
But Dirk Pfeiffer, professor of veterinary medicine at Hong Kong’s City University, cautioned that the study was still a long way from proving pangolins had transmitted the virus."
‘Corona won’t affect chickens’, Health News. 	A Representative image Visakhapatnam : Chairman of Vizianagar Hatcheries Private Limited and veterinarian Gandhi Reddy said coronavirus would not infect poultry and people should not fear consumption of eggs and chicken . He also urged the public to not believe rumours on social media.Addressing the media here on Friday, the chairman said the Centre had released a report that chicken consumption would not pose a threat. Adding that the poultry business has been affected by coronavirus, Gandhi Reddy said, “diseases are spreading on some poultry farms because vaccination programmes are not taken up on time. These diseases and corornavirus are different. Present weather conditions in the Telugu states will not give room for the spread of coronavirus.”
corona virus wuhan Fundamentals Explained. 	"A U.S. resident who not long ago returned from the excursion to central China continues to be diagnosed Along with the new virus. Wellbeing officials reported Tuesday which the gentleman returned towards the Seattle space in the course of last 7 days soon after touring into the Wuhan region, in which the outbreak began. Olivia Vanni, The Herald via APMost coronaviruses distribute the exact same way other chilly-creating viruses do: through infected persons coughing and sneezing, by touching an contaminated person's palms or face, or by touching factors for example doorknobs that contaminated individuals have touched.Dr. Scott Lindquist, Washington condition epidemiologist for communicable disorder, speaks in the course of a press convention about the 1st verified U.S. situation of a virus often called the 2019 novel coronavirus with the state General public Well being Laboratories on Jan.In keeping with Reuters, at the very least 10 towns close to Wuhan have also been put on lockdown, as the government makes an attempt to halt the distribute of your condition..@WHO Director-Common @DrTedros is reconvening the Unexpected emergency Committee later on these days to continue deliberations on regardless of whether #nCoV2019 constitutes a public well being unexpected emergency of international issue and suggestions to manage it.Bay Region general public well being officers have opened emergency functions facilities in San Francisco and Santa Clara counties to respond to present-day or probable cases and deal with thoughts from your well being care community and the general public.Workers set up beds at an exhibition Heart which has been converted right into a hospital to manage in inflow of coronavirus patients in Wuhan, in China's central Hubei province, February four, 2020. GettyDit Cheung hasn't been to Wuhan, China—the epicenter in the outbreak—but he is familiar with it’s a major city.Overseas tourists won't be allowed to enter the state. U.S. citizens arriving from Wuhan is going to be positioned less than health care isolation if they've symptoms of ailment.SARS persisted for around six months from its outbreak in December 2002 to its dissipation, with March 2003 symbolizing a nadir regarding its economic effect. This most recent outbreak could adhere to an identical trajectory, suggesting which the effects is probably going to become most concentrated in the 1st and next quarters of 2020.”""If we consider sturdy measures now, we could possibly blunt the effect on the virus on America,” she mentioned.The CDC reported she did not acquire public transit while in Chicago and that she hardly remaining her dwelling. It was three to four days right after being residence that the girl begun experience symptoms and here called her physician. She was taken into a hospital and was quickly analyzed and quarantined.Crime over the city and during the borough of Queens jumped appreciably in the first thirty day period of 2020 — which best NYPD brass characteristics to bail reform.S. citizens or long lasting residents will probably be barred from entering the U.S. In the meantime, about 195 U.S. citizens who had been evacuated from China to March Air Reserve in California are under under quarantine at the base, prohibited from leaving right up until it is decided that they won't produce symptoms of your illness."
This Is What Happened After One Chinese Company Rushed To Reopen After The Corona-Chaos. 	"Earlier today, Rabobank's Michael Every laid out succinctly the dilemma facing Beijing, when he said that ""China appears to have perhaps decided that the economic damage being wrought by a demand collapse and supply-chain shutdown is just too much to bear."" As reported overnight, Xi Jinping stated that China will meet its economic goals AND win the battle vs. the virus, and Beijing is urging firms to increase output even as the capital itself is largely locked down – and other cities are physically locking people into their homes. That’s as even the US admits that the Phase One trade deal will be slow off the market due to the virus impact.
Of course, China is no stranger to Double Think: as Every put it, ""a freely-floating, controlled currency; market-determined, state-directed interest rates; and free-trade mercantilism. Yet increase economic activity from here and the virus will spread, both internally and globally. Concentrate on just the virus, and the local and global economic impact will be enormous.""
That, in a nutshell, was how Rabobank saw China's ""dialectic that has no comfortable Fichtean synthesis to the thesis and antithesis"" and concluded that ""things are going to get nasty for economies and markets – especially with official WHO word that a vaccine is 18-months away.""
Today, two days after China officially returned to work, we got the first confirmation of just how catastrophic Beijing's order to local enterprises and businesses to rush back reboot the economy could be, when Jennifer Zeng reported that a company in Suzhou reopened, and immediately at least one CoVid2019 case found. As a result, the company's 200+ employees couldn't go home and were immediately placed under quarantine. At least the workers managed to ""organize"" quilts for themselves. Company in #Suzhou reopened. One #CoVid2019 case found. Over 200 employed couldn't go home and immediately under quarantine. They managed to organize quilts for themselves. 苏︍州单位提前开工，确诊一例 #武汉肺炎 ，全单位的人上了一天班，家都回不去了，200多人自带被子，全部隔离 pic.twitter.com/Fd660RKfqL — 曾錚 Jennifer Zeng (@jenniferatntd) February 12, 2020
This is just the first such case. Expect many more - especially across Hubei and its neighboring provinces - as latent cases of Coronavirus which were never caught and cured spark new infections and mini epidemics, all of which dutifully captured on a smartphone clip for everyone in China to watch and freak out even more.
Which reminds us of another comment from Rabobank, which last week explained why the dilemma facing China is ""truly awful"":
The quandary for China between releasing the quarantine straitjacket in days to stop its economy from getting truly sick, and allowing a virus like this to spread further as people start to mingle again is truly awful. There are no good options. For a world with a serious lack of final end-demand, and which has been relying on China, along with increasingly “Chinese” central banks, this is going to be a nasty shock either way that Mr Market is treating like he is Mr Magoo.
And since Beijing has no way out, especially since the epidemic is still raging despite Beijing's ""doctored"", no pun intended, infection and death numbers, expect China to unleash the most draconian censorship crackdown on any reports Covid-2019 has not only not been purged but is making unwelcome appearances across China's enterprises, which will be quietly put under blanket quarantine even as Beijing pretends that all is well and its economy is once again humming on all cylinders until eventually the epidemic reaches a critical mass and China has no choice but to once again admit the full extent of the social and economic fallout. And just like in the case of SARS, don't expect such ""honesty"" to emerge for at least several weeks if not months."
About Corona Virus full Detail. 	"A coronavirus is a kind of common virus that causes an infection in your nose, sinuses, or upper throat. Most coronaviruses are not dangerous.
Some types of them are serious, though. About 858 people have died from Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), which first appeared in 2012 in Saudi Arabia and then in other countries in the Middle East, Africa, Asia, and Europe. In April 2014, the first American was hospitalized for MERS in Indiana and another case was reported in Florida. Both had just returned from Saudi Arabia. In May 2015, there was an outbreak of MERS in Korea, which was the largest outbreak outside of the Arabian Peninsula. In 2003, 774 people died from a severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) outbreak. As of 2015, there were no further reports of cases of SARS. MERS and SARS are types of coronaviruses.
But in early January 2020, the World Health Organization identified a new type: 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in China. By late January, there were 300 confirmed cases in China and a death count that was still in the single digits, but rising. And despite airport screenings, a traveler had brought the first case to the U.S.
What Is a Coronavirus?
Coronaviruses were first identified in the 1960s, but we don't know where they come from. They get their name from their crown-like shape. Sometimes, but not often, a coronavirus can infect both animals and humans.
Most coronaviruses spread the same way other cold-causing viruses do: through infected people coughing and sneezing, by touching an infected person's hands or face, or by touching things such as doorknobs that infected people have touched.
Read Full News In Gujarati About Corona virus REad News Report In gujarati Almost everyone gets a coronavirus infection at least once in their life, most likely as a young child. In the United States, coronaviruses are more common in the fall and winter, but anyone can come down with a coronavirus infection at any time. "
Corona Virus Info 2-13. 	"This coronavirus is a catastrophe on the scale of Chernobyl for China but actually it's probably worse than Chernobyl which was localized in its effect. The coronavirus could result in a global pandemic.
While you were all sleeping overnight, the number of diagnosed cases in China increased by 30%. Now let me be clear: that's not new cases. That is just newly admitted cases. It is probably several orders of magnitude higher than that.
Also while you were sleeping, China now has its entire border with Russia closed: 2600 miles. Russia has closed that border. El Al has shut down travel between Israel and China. Air France has shut down travel between China and France. And that's in addition to all the other countries that had already shut down travel.
From what we know so far, and there's still many unknowns, this virus could have both a long incubation period as much as 14 days and individuals could be contagious while asymptomatic which was not the case with SARS in 2003. Furthermore, from some cases it appears the virus could be aerosolized which means it doesn't require the kind of contact that you have with, say, a married couple kissing each other or family living in close quarters in a hotel or apartment, but rather the distance we are all sitting apart right now.
Yet China is still lying about all of this. They've been lying about it from the very beginning and you don't need their history of lying about SARS in 2003 though it is relevant here. You just have to see what's happened over the last two months. We now know that the first case manifested no later than December 1 even though China didn't reveal it to the WHO until a month later on December 31 when they continued to hide it from their own citizens. And they continued to say that it would be contained inside Wuhan; today it is in every single province in China.
They also claimed for almost two months, until earlier this week, that it had originated in a seafood market in Wuhan, that locals had contracted it from animals, say bat soup or snake tartare. That is not the case: The Lancet published study last weekend demonstrating that of the original 40 cases, 14 of them had no contact with the seafood market including patient zero. As one epidemiologist said: that virus went into the seafood market before it came out of the seafood market. We still don't know where it originated: could have been another seafood market, could have been a farm, could have been a food processing company. I would note that Wuhan also has China's only biosafety level 4 laboratory that works with the world's most deadly pathogens. That include, yes, coronavirus.
Now look at China's own actions: they have quarantined 60 million people. 60 million. More than the entire population of our West Coast. They've shut down schools indefinitely, classes canceled nationwide indefinitely. Hong Kong, a port of China, has basically shut down all travel from the mainland. That's why it is essential that we immediately stop all travel on commercial aircraft between China and the United States."
Daily briefing: Pangolins suspected as source of coronavirus 2019-nCoV. 	"Preliminary genetic evidence points to pangolins. Plus, spider-paper retractions rattle behavioural ecology and a European probe joins the run for the Sun. Flora Graham Sign up for Nature Briefing
Hello Nature readers, would you like to get this Briefing in your inbox free every day? Sign up here The Solar Orbiter (left) and NASA’s Parker Solar Probe will be able to observe the Sun simultaneously (artist’s impression). Credit: Solar Orbiter: ESA/ATG medialab; Parker Solar Probe: NASA/Johns Hopkins APL European probe joins run for the Sun
A European Space Agency mission that will take the closest-ever pictures of the Sun launched yesterday . The Solar Orbiter will take about two years to journey to Mercury’s orbit, where it will spend four years taking pristine measurements of the solar wind. If the mission is extended as hoped, the spacecraft will then alter its orbit to give scientists their first-ever images of the Sun’s poles. The Solar Orbiter will join NASA’s Parker Solar Probe, which launched in August 2018, and the brand-new Daniel K. Inouye Solar Telescope to create what astronomers are calling “the golden age of solar and heliophysics research”. ‘Avalanche’ of spider-paper retractions
Behavioural ecologists are reeling from allegations that a spider-behaviour researcher fabricated data in at least 17 papers on which he was a co-author. The scientific community has identified seven papers that have been retracted or are in the process of being retracted; another five retractions that have been requested by Pruitt’s co-authors; and at least five studies containing possible data anomalies. Behavioural ecologist Jonathan Pruitt denies that he fabricated or manipulated data in any way. Pangolins suspected as vector of coronavirus
• Parasitologists have suggested that pangolins spread the 2019-nCoV coronavirus to humans — although the research is yet to be published in full. Two researchers from the South China Agricultural University in Guangzhou say that coronaviruses present in pangolins are genetically similar to 2019-nCoV. Scientists have already suggested that the virus originated in bats, then probably transmitted to humans through another animal. ( Nature | 4 min read )
• The death toll in China from 2019-nCoV has surpassed that from severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS). More than 900 people in China have died from the new virus. SARS, which also originated in China, killed 774 people worldwide in the 2002–03 epidemic. ( Nature | continuously updated ) Features & opinion The ‘Uber for scientists’
In 2015, Ashmita Das started Kolabtree, a website that connects freelance researchers with companies looking for scientists . “It’s really hard to get in touch with a scientist if you want something done,” says Das about the seed of her idea. “Nowadays, you can’t sell a cupcake without the help of a researcher.” Nature trials publication of peer-review reports
Authors of new submissions to Nature will now be offered the option to have anonymous referee reports published , along with their own responses and rebuttals, once a manuscript is ready for publication. Referees can also choose to be named. Making peer review public will reveal “the often fascinating and important discussions between authors and reviewers” and shed light on how science is really done, says a Nature editorial. Research highlights: 1-minute reads
CRISPR gene editing proves safe in a clinical trial
Immune cells whose genomes have been altered with CRISPR are well-tolerated by three people with cancer.
Babies benefit when parents are fluent in baby talk
Coaching parents in ‘parentese’ — slow, melodic speech featuring exaggerated vowels — can boost infants’ language skills.
Fishing for fun takes a massive bite out of marine life
The volume of fish caught recreationally more than tripled in the 60 years to 2014 , and a recent uptick in recreational shark hunting is damaging fragile populations. Catch-and-release is no solution: a previous study of hammerhead sharks found the animals died anyway.
Nixing bad gut bacteria cuts stomach cancer risk
Ridding the gut of the ulcer-causing bacterium Helicobacter pylori could prevent stomach cancer in people with a family history of the disease. H. pylori infects more than half of all people, and has been linked to peptic ulcers and gastric cancer
Get more of Nature ’s research highlights: short picks from the scientific literature. Quote of the day
Ecologist and evolutionary biologist Leticia Avilés, who has studied social spiders for almost forty years, responds to the turmoil in her field. ( Personal blog ) 00387-9
Participants at the Festival of Bad Ad Hoc Hypotheses present their best-argued and thoroughly researched, but completely incorrect, scientific theory. The prize? Nothing less than a statuette of chemist Hennig Brand boiling his own urine in the hopes of obtaining gold.
Help keep this newsletter on the right side of alchemy — please send your feedback to . Nature Briefing An essential round-up of science news, opinion and analysis, delivered to your inbox every weekday. Email address Yes! Sign me up to receive the daily Nature Briefing email. I agree my information will be processed in accordance with the Nature and Springer Nature Limited Privacy Policy . Sign up"
Corona Virus Threatens Global Recovery: SBI. 	"The outbreak of corona virus in China, although in its ascending phase, may threaten global recovery, especially considering that the 2003 severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) outbreak cost the world $57 billion (at current price level), says a research note from State Bank of India (SBI). In the report, Dr Soumya Kanti Ghosh, group chief economic adviser of SBI, says, ""The new virus is of same genre as SARS virus of 2003. Although the fatality is low, the new virus has progressed at a much faster pace than 2003 SARS case. The impact of outbreak on China will be severe as Wuhan is the hub of transport and industry for central China. The total cost of SARS outbreak in 2003 at current prices is around $57 billion. Epidemiology models suggest the current disease is in ascending phase hence it is difficult to assess the full impact at this stage."" The Pneumonia of unknown cause was first reported in WHO Disease outbreak news on 5 January 2020. By 12th January, the outbreak was confirmed. The new virus is of same genre as SARS virus of 2003. The studies on economic impact of SARS virus of 2003 suggest that the outbreak had impacted industries such as tourism and the retail service sector. ""With sudden shift in expenditure priority growth will be affected in China and globally,"" SBI says. In addition, the report says, unless the impact of novel corona virus is factored in to as events were coterminous, the analysis of the US and China deal and its impact on global economy would be incomplete. On 15 January 2020 the US and China signed the first economic and trade agreement by signalling the intent to end the economic and trade hostility that has marred the bilateral relationship for over two years. The trade agreement signed on 15th January is broadly divided into seven parts and covers a wide range of agreements and roadmaps on protection of intellectual property (IPR), transfer of technology on market-based principles and trade. It is agreed that over 2017 baseline, China will import $200 billion of goods and financial services for the first two years. At the highest level, the agreement brings some clarity on US-China side of US-China-India triangle. For the global economy the growth expectations improve but marginally. The upside is limited as trade disputes are just one of the many structural problems. Commenting on the impact of the deal on US dollar and US interest rates, SBI says, ""The deal envisages reducing the Sino-US trade deficit by 48% for its level in 2018 and hence one can expect that if the deal proceeds as planned US dollar will appreciate over time. The direction of interest rates will be conditional on three vectors - the US fiscal deficit, the progressive decline in forex reserve accretion of China and other factors such as inflation. Of late the interbank liquidity in the US was in deficit. Thus, all factors indicate marginal rise in bond yields in the US."" ""However, on the other side, with global food prices at 71 month high and trend likely to continue central banks in emerging economies could make an unsynchronized exit from easy monetary policy. This could mean a weakening US dollar. In balance, we expect pressure on US dollar with risks tilted towards the downside as now,"" Dr Ghosh from SBI added. For India, SBI says, the mood swing in financial markets on account of aggressive posturing by the either side will become less and thus, some order is expected in the global forex markets and Indian rupee will have an appreciating bias."
Corona Virus. 	"In a few hours, after four months in Asia, daughter Elle will arrive in Göteborg, Sweden. She sent me a safety-masked selfie from Bangkok’s Suvarnabhumi Airport just before boarding. The scare of the Coronavirus is apparently widespread and growing rapidly.
I wonder what it’s going to take, epidemiologically speaking, before Chinese officials responsible for providing informed guidelines and implementing/enforcing regulations on hygiene and animal welfare, start taking their jobs seriously. Doesn’t the government in Beijing understand the potential risks, even after Sars and other related viral epidemics that stem from unhealthy food production practices ? And while they’re at it, maybe it’s also time to start promoting a plant-based diet to its 1.5 billion population.
I’ve been to so many food markets in China and other parts of Asia. They’re often fascinating, exotic places filled with vibrant colors and a wealth of rich, often pungent smells. But after each visit, I am convinced that excluding meat and poultry from my diet is so right.
The lack of empathy for animals in general and the brutal enslavement these creatures must endure in factory farms before reaching the dinner table is symptomatic of a mindless society that has lost touch with the planet and where common sense is long, long gone.
The sheep above are from an island in Sweden called Orust. As soon as they saw us, the fled. \"
Can the Chinese economy weather the storm of 2019-nCoV outbreak?. 	"Chinese stock markets witnessed sharp falls Monday as they reopened following the end of the Lunar New Year break, reflecting the widespread concern on the negative impact the coronavirus outbreak is having on the country's economy.
Since January 20, when the Chinese President Xi Jinping made remarks on containing the spread of the coronavirus, the nation has been placed on high alert. As the situation escalates, the country has mounted an aggressive offensive against the novel coronavirus. Since January 23, travel in and out of China's Hubei Province, the epicenter of this outbreak, has been severely restricted. Travel restrictions have later expanded to other regions, while people across the country have stepped up precautions and avoided gatherings or nonessential travel. Furthermore, as the Lunar New Year holiday was extended, most businesses have delayed reopening.
All these reactions undeniably will have adverse implications for the country's economy, at a time when it is still reeling from its two-year-long trade tensions with the U.S. and grappling with a slowing economy.
But how big of a blow will it be exactly? And will the country make it through? As there is still uncertainty surrounding how the outbreak will play out in the following weeks, it is hard to have a definitive conclusion and quantify the impact at this stage.
Nevertheless, a look at China's experiences with the 2003 SARS epidemic can shed some light on the current situation, in terms of which sectors will be affected most and how long-lasting the impact will be. And despite all the concerns over 2019-nCoV's negative impact, the conclusion is that there is no need for over-panic or excessive stress.
Lu Zhengwei, chief economist at Xineye Bank, pointed out that during the 2003 SARS outbreak, which lasted for three quarters, the types of industries that were affected the most were transport, retail, restaurants and tourism. However, soon after the epidemic was over these industries quickly rebounded. And this should happen this time as well. Meanwhile, he added that over the past 17 years, there have been major changes in the Chinese economy which saw the above-mentioned industries take a smaller percentage in the country's GDP. With this in mind, disruptions felt by these industries should be smaller compared to during the SARS.
Looking at the timing of the outbreaks, Li Xunlei, chief economist and head of research institute at Zhongtai Securities, also noted that the impact the SARS epidemic had on the Chinese economy was mostly felt in the second quarter of 2003 with the growth rates of the four quarters that year being 11.1 percent, 9.1 percent, 10 percent and 10 percent respectively. He predicted that as the spread of the 2019 novel coronavirus is happening in the first quarter of 2020, if it doesn't continue into the second quarter, the impact will most likely be limited to the first quarter, the GDP share of which is the lowest among the four quarters.
Another major source of confidence comes from the fact that compared to the SARS outbreak, the 2019 novel coronavirus is less lethal and the Chinese government has acted more resolutely against the virus this time. There is no doubt that since late January, the Chinese government has made combating the coronavirus a national priority, deploying massive efforts to stop its spread. With the constant information sharing with the public and rigorous research efforts, there is a good reason to believe this outbreak can be much more efficiently dealt with than during the SARS episode.
More importantly, past experiences with global epidemics, not only the SARS but also the 2015-16 Zika outbreak and the 2009 H1N1 flu, suggest that the economic shock wave felt during these events are only short-lived. After the outbreaks, economies were always able to bounce back. Economist and Columbia University's School of International and Public Affairs Professor Shang-Jin Wei, also wrote in an article, ""Looking at [China's] annual real GDP growth rates from 2000 to 2006, it is very hard to see a SARS effect in the data.""
Nevertheless, even though the 2019-nCoV outbreak will not likely hurt the fundamentals of the economy, it does not mean the government should be complacent in dealing with its economic fallout, which the country's economists have repeatedly called attention to in recent days.
One concerning issue that has been highlighted is the pressure the 2019-nCoV outbreak put on China's small businesses. Extended holidays and subdued domestic demand will no doubt add to their financial stress. This will consequently have a damning effect on the country's employment, especially considering the most affected industries, such as transport and restaurants, employ a lot of the country's cheap labor. Moreover, if the crisis continues and causes exports to slow down, the labor-intensive and export-oriented companies will also have to lay off workers.
Huang Yiping, professor of economics at the National School of Development (NSD) of Peking University, provided suggestions on dealing with these problems: Firstly, the People's Bank of China should loosen its monetary policy; secondly, policies needs to be instituted to support the new economy and increase online consumption. Third, the government should offer small and medium-sized enterprises tax reduction; fourth, it should also shore up support for people who lost their jobs during the outbreak and strengthen social protections for migrant workers.
In conclusion, the Chinese economy will most certainly be able to weather the storm this time, as it did with the SARS outbreak. However, the government's response to support the economy, especially the country's small businesses, is also crucial and will have long-term impacts on how quick the economy will be able to regain its feet. "
Corona Time at UTM. 	"Maybe a pennywise mask could be the difference between life and death. In the wake of Coronavirus’ spread across the globe, with a man and wife confirmed to be infected in Toronto, the UTM campus is gripped by the fear of its spread at school.
The HCC is preparing their defense against the spread of the virus. After dealing with the mental health issues plaguing the student body, HCC staff says treating a deadly and infectious virus is a walk in a quarantined park.
In order to help students, cope with the Coronavirus, students are able to redeem 1 (one) lime after presenting their T-Card. Lime retrieval times are between 18:20 and 19:20 every century. Therapy dogs in Hazmat suits are available to help students destress with the mounting pressure of possible looming death and upcoming midterms.
For students seeking to reduce the chance of infection, the HCC is only providing their usual affair of condoms and dental dams, but students seeking surgical masks are encouraged to seek out recently reopened SPIRIT Halloween stores, as their left over Halloween masks have been reduced in wake of the virus. Who knows, maybe a pennywise mask could be the difference between life and death.
We caught up with a few UTM students to hear how they are coping with the hysteria. Julie Sanders, a fourth-year religion major, sees the Coronavirus as a blessing: “I’ve been looking for an excuse to not go to class and avoid the gym, and it looks like my prayers have been answered. Thank you, Jesus.” Greg Clink, a business management student, is taking the virus into his own hands. “I looked online and it said that alcohol and heat beat the virus, so I’ll be in the RAWC sauna getting my Corona on if anyone wants to bring snacks”
Be sure to take it easy this cold & flu & epidemic season, it could be your last!"
Manila corona Virus Feb 13. 	"This morning CNN Philippines had a article.
59 people caught it from 3 Chinese locally so far.
over 400 in quarrantine
https://cnnphilippines.com/news/2020/2/12/59-coronavirus-case-contacts-flu-like-symptoms.html
local gov official now says this:
"" Kapag ang bansa nagkaroon na ng local transmission katulad ng Singapore nagshi shift. Kapag ncov ka, sa bahay ka na lang, ina admit na lang severe cases hindi na lahat tine test. Ang tine test mo na lang talagang high risk,"" he explained. [Translation: If a local transmission occurs in the country, just like Singapore, this means a shift. If you have COVID-19, just stay at home and we will admit only the severe cases and not everyone will be tested. We will only test those at high-risk.]
checked the flights from China today.
last 11 hours these arrived from China. cathay pacific CPA901 B773 Hong Kong Int'l (HKG) 09:04a HKT CSN3091 A330 Guangzhou Baiyun Int'l (CAN) 08:33a CST CRK781 A320 Hong Kong Int'l (HKG / VHHH) Thu 03:47AM HKT
My sister in law in quarantine in Macau is posting on Facebook, pictures of her running around Macau despite the quarantine.
Photos of her on a empty bus, bragging how it is like she owns the bus cuz she is the only passenger. Photos of her in Church with others and masks partially removed. Her Filipino friends back in the Philippines egging her on with comments saying how she is so cool and lucky.
the Philippines has basically ended the mutual defense treaty. All because the Filipino president read something that Senator Dick Durban made some remarks about a Filipino Senator held without trial for 2 years now. So the Phils gov, badded Dick Durban for life from the Philippines. Why Two Dem Senators Have Been Banned From the Philippines https://townhall.com /tipsheet/leahbarkoukis/2019/12/27/when-two-dem-senators-have-been-banned-from-the-philippines-n2558612/ Dec 27, 2019 Democratic Sens. Patrick Leahy and Dick Durbin have been banned from visiting the Philippines over a measure that aims to punish Philippine officials involved in the jailing of a government critic.
Then the US State dept revoked the tourist visa of Dutertes henchman Bato confirms his US visa has been canceled - UNTV News ... https://www.untvweb.com /news/bato-confirms-his-us-visa-has-been-canceled/ Senator Ronald 'Bato' Dela Rosa. Senator Ronald "" Bato "" dela Rosa confirmed on Wednesday (January 22) that the United States (US) has cancelled his visa . Dela Rosa said he was informed about the cancellation of his visa when he made an inquiry about his visa status on Monday (January 20).
So then in response he cancels the VFA.
I guess the hospital ships will not visit the Philippines during the pandemic.
Update, the native tribes getting restless.
BAGUIO CITY –– The popular tourist town of Sagada in Mountain province has temporarily shut its doors on visitors as a precautionary measure against coronavirus disease (COVID-19). Sagada Mayor James Pooten Jr. on Thursday ordered the suspension of eco-tourism activities within the municipality “until further notice.” Pooten said he consulted the community about the suspension, which is in response to the growing concern over the outbreak of COVID-19. He said the town has started implementing prevention and control measures to protect the health of its residents. Sagada is frequented by tourists because of its burial caves, landscapes, and indigenous culture.
"
HealthLynked Corp. Posts Realtime Corona Virus Tracker on Its Website. 	"HealthLynked Corp. (OTCQB: HLYK), a nationwide healthcare network focused on care management of its members and a provider of healthcare technologies that connects doctors, patients and medical data today announced that to help its members keep track of the deadly corona virus epidemic, it has provided a GEO tracker of cases reported by the World Health Organization (""WHO"") in the US and worldwide.
The company plans to release an updated version this month that will allow members to report symptoms and provide a way for the public to more closely track symptoms, areas of potential exposure, confirmed cases, deaths and recovered cases, and track the outbreak so that they can better prepare and protect themselves from exposure.
The first infection with 2019-nCoV in the United States was reported on January 21, 2020 . The current count of cases of infection with 2019-nCoV in the United States and globally can be monitored at www.healthlynked.com/corona-virus-tracker .
About the Corona Virus:
The 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is a new virus that causes respiratory illness in people and can spread from person-to-person. This virus originated in Wuhan , China and likely originally emerged from an animal source but now seems to be spreading from person-to-person. It is important to note that person-to-person spread can happen on a continuum. Some viruses are highly contagious (like measles), while other viruses are less so.
At this time, it is unclear how easily this virus is spreading between people, but concerns are that individuals that are infected can spread the virus before symptoms occur and after they have recovered. You can learn more of what is known about the spread of newly emerged coronaviruses at
https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/about/transmission.html .
The greatest risk of infection is for people in China or people who have traveled to China . Risk of infection is dependent on exposure. Patients with 2019-nCoV have reportedly had mild to severe respiratory illness with symptoms of: fever, cough and shortness of breath with many patients having developed pneumonia in both lungs.
The best way to prevent infection is to avoid being exposed to this virus. There are simple everyday preventive actions to help prevent the spread of respiratory viruses, including the following:
Avoid close contact with people who are sick. Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands. Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. Use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol if soap and water are not available. If you are sick, to keep from spreading respiratory illness to others, you should:
Stay home when you are sick. Cover your cough or sneeze with a tissue, then throw the tissue in the trash. Clean and disinfect frequently touched objects and surfaces. If you were in China within the past 14 days and feel sick with fever, cough, or are having difficulty breathing, you should get medical care. Call the office of your health care provider before you go and tell them about your recent travels and your symptoms. They will give you instructions on how to get care without exposing other people to your illness. While sick, avoid contact with people, don't go out and delay any travel to reduce the possibility of spreading illness to others.
There is currently no vaccine to protect against 2019-nCoV. The best way to prevent infection is to avoid being exposed to this virus.
Dr. Michael Dent , HealthLynked CEO stated ""The Corona Virus infection is a global health crisis and helping identify individuals who have been exposed to the virus and can infect others is the primary method to prevent further spread. The WHO provides updated statistics on new confirmed infections. So far in the US there are only 8 confirmed cases, but concerns are high that the virus will spread in the US as it has in China. We strongly encourage everyone to create a free HealthLynked profile so that they have easy access to their medical information in case they require medical attention.""
""Wearing a protective mask is one way to reduce exposure to airborne virus and they are in short supply. They are currently available online at MedOfficeDirect ( www.medofficediret.com ) our online medical supply partner.""
About HealthLynked Corp.
HealthLynked Corp. provides a solution for both patient members and providers to improve healthcare through the efficient exchange of medical information. The HealthLynked Network is a cloud-based platform that allows members to connect with their healthcare providers and take more control of their healthcare. Members enter their medical information, including medications, allergies, past surgeries and personal health records, in one convenient online and secure location, free of charge. Participating healthcare providers can connect with their current and future patients through the system. Benefits to in-network providers include the ability to utilize the HealthLynked patent pending patient access hub ""PAH"" for patient analytics. Other benefits for preferred providers include HLYK marketing tools to connect with their active and inactive patients to improve patient retention, access more accurate and current patient information, provide more efficient online scheduling and to fill last minute cancelations using our ""real time appointment scheduling"" all within our mobile application. Preferred providers pay a monthly fee to access these HealthLynked services. For additional information about HealthLynked Corp. visit www.healthlynked.com and connect with HealthLynked on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn.
Forward Looking Statements
Forward-Looking Statements in this press release, which are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results, including as a result of any acquisitions, performance or achievements may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""may,"" ""could,"" ""expect,"" ""intend,"" ""plan,"" ""seek,"" ""anticipate,"" ""believe,"" ""estimate,"" ""predict,"" ""potential,"" ""continue,"" ""likely,"" ""will,"" ""would"" and variations of these terms and similar expressions, or the negative of these terms or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by our management, and us are inherently uncertain. We caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which are made as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any of these forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, new information or future events, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward looking statements, except to the extent required by applicable laws. If we update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. Certain risks and uncertainties applicable to our operations and us are described in the ""Risk Factors"" section of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other filings we have made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are available at www.sec.gov ."
Which is the Worst Threat? Blacks in the Royal Family or the Corona Virus?. 	"Which is the Worst Threat? Blacks in the Royal Family or the Corona Virus? January 28, Screencap from the BBC show What The Fuss?
We don’t talk much about Dave Daubenmire here. Mostly because his ideas make Paula White’s ravings against marine life seem sane. Plus I am very allergic to nonsense like this.
Earlier in the month Daubenmire outdid himself exposing something that is inherent in Quiverfull theology – racism. Most people in the QF movement hide their racism, or talk about having oodles of children to populate the world with Christians. Nancy Campbell of Above Rubies comes right to the point. Nancy will say that we need to increase our good Christian white baby output to out-breed the evil brown people. There it is, your main motivation for Quiverfull boiled down to the real reason.
Dave Daubenmire bemoaned the marriage of Meghan Markle to Prince Harry, son of Prince Charles and Diana Spencer, grandson of England’s Queen Elizabeth when it happened back in 2017. Why? Racism. He claimed that Markle marrying into the British royal family was a ‘disgrace’, going on to claim it was some sort of silly Satanic plot to take down the family that was the head of, and represented all things “Christian”.
Now that Harry has taken the sensible step of doing what is healthy for his growing family, stepping back from royal duties and moving the family to Canada Daubenmire had this to say:
“How is the royal bloodline of the crown being poisoned?” Daubenmire asked. “Is there something special about this commoner who has married into the royalty?”
“She’s half black,” Daubenmire answered. “When [Harry and Meghan] step back, what is going to be at the heart of why she did it? What are they going to say? Come on. Wake up here. What are they going to say? … Racism! She never felt comfortable. She felt like she was below everybody else.”
“The royal family is the seat of Christianity,” he continued. “We cannot deny the impact the royal family has had on the WASP-y culture; the White Anglo Saxon Protestant culture is a result of what has happened within the crown. And the crown has now, for the first time, been infiltrated with a bloodline … oh my goodness, that sounds racist, doesn’t it?”
If this sounds racist it is because it IS racist!
Daubenmire’s claim that the royal family being the seat of Christianity is just laughable! While I admire Queen Elizabeth’s for her dignity in the face of undignified circumstances all I can say is that Dave is completely devoid of historical facts. This is a family where one monarch was drunken and bisexual openly (King James I), another wedded, bedded, killed a pile of wives after a head injury (King Henry VIII), the members are notorious for their affairs (King Edward VII, rumored Prince Phillip, Prince Charles along with a long list of others) because royal mistresses were a thing too. There have been members suffering with madness tucked away, murders, and all sorts of unsavory behaviors through the years happening in the British royal family. It’s naive and childish to imbue them with an almost God-like status.
Why is Daubenmire not focusing on real problems, genuine horrible things happening now that he could be aiding by publicizing real news beneficial for everyone, for example the emergence of the Corona Virus. I have been watching the coverage with interest because of being on an immune suppressor. Lots and lots of misinformation being spread. I am following the CDC , Johns Hopkins and a friend in Canada who works in the field of tracking health threats. Think of all the good guys like Daubenmire could do if they just dropped their silly racism, obsession with being an alpha male while being pretty substandard and other things that do not matter and focused on actually helping others. PS – I am sure some of you will be scratching your heads wondering how I jumped from the racism against Megham Markle to the Corona Virus. Easy, I’m starting to see the first long ranty super racist against the Chinese mutterings in both America and here in Costa Rica. They have that in common. As this continued this will become another front in the war against racism we must continue to resist. "
5 Simple Statements About corona virus america Explained. 	"While they were rather Safe and sound sheltering in your own home, Arek felt compelled to head out and document the outbreak of the new style of coronavirus. Among his subjects: the construction of a new healthcare facility inbuilt a handful of times; biosecurity Verify details; and vacant streets. Arek Rataj, APIn the situation of travelers who surface sick, the CDC will Examine them even further to ascertain whether the passenger should be taken to the hospital for even more care. On the other hand, the main two U.S. cases, in Seattle and Chicago, involved travelers who didn't present symptoms in the airport.Chinese consumer spending — which could Have a very immediate impact on a U.S. and world overall economy that sells closely into the Chinese industry — is probably going to have a strike, Based on analysts.This kind of coronavirus is new and professional medical professionals are researching the virus, how it affects the contaminated people today And the way they may be handled.Individuals that do not need symptoms will likely be quarantined close by for approximately 14 days. American travelers from other parts of China can also be issue to quarantine according to a threat assessment.""I don't have familiarity with this distinct class being cancelled,"" Katie Paquet, a spokesperson for ASU, claimed in a statement emailed to New Situations. ""Nonetheless, as mentioned while in the message from Provost Searle the College continues to be open up and there is no directive to terminate courses.""Scientists from the hospital in town of Shenzhen have warned about attainable faecel-oral transmission of coronavirus. Photograph: XinhuaThe conclusions have prompted researchers to alert of probable faecel-oral unfold of your illness, Together with respiratory droplet transmission and make contact withThe very first gentleman diagnosed with coronavirus in the U.S. has long been launched with the hospital, In accordance with news stories. The Washington point out resident, who experienced a short while ago traveled to Wuhan, reported he was continuing to Get well at your house. He was launched from Providence Regional Health care Middle in Everett.An out-of-Regulate virus — now imagined to spread coronavirus new jersey by means of human to human Make contact with — has long been Among the many most terrifying prospects both equally for the overall population and for investors apprehensive that some external party could provide to an conclude One of the more potent market place bull operates and American financial expansions on file.The U.S. governing administration declared a community health unexpected emergency previous week and barred overseas nationals from entering the country inside of two months of checking out China, Except if These are fast close relatives of U.– Overall health officials in New Jersey are investigating a doable scenario of coronavirus within the Backyard Point out. That individual is among one hundred ten people inside the U.S. going through screening for the virus.Immediately after an agonizing hold out to become evacuated in the coronavirus outbreak zone in China, One more planeload of Americans is heading for the U.S. The Americans had been screened prior to the flight.Tedros stated the WHO experienced received full scenario report kinds for only 38 p.c of the cases outdoors China."
Spoof: World Health Organization Spread of the Corona Virus. 	"February 5th, 2020
Well, it’s difficult to know what is real and what is a rumor about the Corona Virus on any given day.
The information from the U.S. Communicable Disease Center should be helpful, but it’s not. [Seriously]
Included in their statement below are far too many, “Thought to be, CAN and Maybe statements for them to hold up to scientific rigor. [Peer Review]
As I started digging further into the subject, it’s very clear that “Those in the Know,” know next to nothing.
Fortunately, the CDC shed the light on how the disease is thought to be spread, [Or maybe not]
It’s when we hear “The World Health Organization, think the U.N. and they do nothing particularly well.”
Much is unknown about how 2019-nCoV, a new coronavirus, spreads.
Current knowledge is largely based on what is known about similar coronaviruses.
Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses that are common in many different species of animals, including camels, cattle, cats, and bats.
Rarely, animal coronaviruses can infect people and then spread between people such as with MERS , SARS , and now with 2019-nCoV.
Most often, spread from person-to-person happens among close contacts (about 6 feet).
Person-to-person spread is thought to occur mainly via respiratory droplets produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes, similar to how influenza and other respiratory pathogens spread.
These droplets can land in the mouths or noses of people who are nearby or possibly be inhaled into the lungs.
t’s currently unclear if a person can get 2019-nCoV by touching a surface or object that has the virus on it and then touching their own mouth, nose, or possibly their eyes.
Typically, with most respiratory viruses, people are thought to be most contagious when they are most symptomatic (the sickest).
With 2019-nCoV, however, there have been reports external icon of spread from an infected patient with no symptoms to a clo se contact.
It’s important to note that how easily a virus spreads person-to-person can vary. Some viruses are highly contagious (like measles), while other viruses are less so.
There is much more to learn about the transmissibility, severity, and other features associated with 2019-nCoV and investigations are ongoing.
This information will further inform the risk assessment .
H/T to Jay for the video."
Institut Pasteur sequences the whole genome of the Wuhan coronavirus, 2019-nCoV. 	"On January 24, 2020, the French Ministry of Health confirmed the first three cases of patients affected by the Wuhan coronavirus. On January 29, 2020, the Institut Pasteur, which is responsible for monitoring respiratory viruses in France, sequenced the whole genome of the coronavirus known as ""2019-nCoV"", becoming the first institution in Europe to sequence the virus since the start of the outbreak. The virus was sequenced at the Institut Pasteur's Mutualized Platform for Microbiology (P2M), which performs genome sequencing on bacterial, viral, fungal and parasite strains received by National Reference Centers and World Health Organization Collaborating Centers for the purpose of infectious disease surveillance.
In December 2019, an outbreak of apparently viral pneumonia of unknown etiology emerged in the city of Wuhan, in the Chinese province of Hubei.
On January 9, 2020, the Chinese health authorities and the World Health Organization (WHO) announced the discovery of a novel coronavirus, known as 2019-nCoV, which was confirmed as the agent responsible for the pneumonia cases (see the Institut Pasteur's fact sheet on the ""Wuhan coronavirus"" - page in French).
Over the weekend of January 11-12, the Chinese authorities shared the full sequence of the coronavirus genome, as detected in samples taken from the first patients. ""Sequencing the genome of pathogens is crucial for the development of specific diagnostic tests and the identification of potential treatment options,"" explains Sylvie van der Werf, Director of the National Reference Center (CNR) for Respiratory Viruses at the Institut Pasteur.
Friday January 24, 2020. Detection of the virus confirmed in France
On Friday January 24, late in the morning, the Institut Pasteur received samples of three suspected cases (two patients in Paris and one in Bordeaux). ""Using the samples taken from these patients, we detected the novel coronavirus,"" says Sylvie Behillil, Deputy Director of the CNR at the Institut Pasteur.
From Friday January 24, 2020. Viral genome sequenced at the Institut Pasteur
That same Friday evening, scientists launched the process of sequencing the viral genome based on the samples. The CNR prepared the material for sequencing, ready for P2M to begin work immediately the following Monday. The sequencing run was completed by early evening on the Tuesday, and the scientists used data analysis to obtain the sequence of the whole genome in two of the first three confirmed cases in France. ""This proves the efficacy of the CNR's process of analysis based on viral sequencing,"" continues Vincent Enouf.
Thursday January 30, 2020. The Institut Pasteur obtains and shares the whole sequence of the virus
The P2M platform (see inset below) currently performs at an extremely high level; the average time taken to produce sequences ranges from three days (for emergencies) to a maximum of ten days. In this case, it took just three days for the whole sequence to be determined: ""We performed data analysis during the night from Tuesday to Wednesday, then corroborated the results on Wednesday with counter analysis,"" explains Vincent Enouf. ""The whole sequence was confirmed in just three days.""
What can we learn from it? ""The sequences were identical in all our samples. One member of the couple must have contaminated the other, as the virus is the same."" The two full sequences of the virus isolated in two of the first French cases were submitted to the Global Initiative on Sharing All Influenza Data (GISAID) platform,1 which was initially developed to share sequences and monitor the genetic evolution of influenza viruses, a process that is vital to determine the composition of the influenza vaccine. A special ""coronavirus"" tab has been created so that the scientific community can work together and advance at a quicker pace.
""Around twenty other sequences of the novel coronavirus genome have been obtained worldwide, and if we compare them with ours, we can see that they are all very close; there is not much diversity in the viruses analyzed, which suggests that coronavirus 2019-nCoV did not need to mutate in order to adapt and spread,"" continues Vincent Enouf.
The National Reference Center (CNR) for Respiratory Viruses at the Institut Pasteur in Paris is one of WHO's reference laboratories for coronavirus 2019-nCoV.
A total of eight people from the CNR and two from the P2M sequencing platform have been working on the virus this week and will continue to monitor the outbreak in France.
P2M, a state-of-the-art mutualized platform for microbiology also open to external CNRs
P2M is also available to external CNRs for sequencing. In 2019 it worked with four CNRs based outside the Institut Pasteur. The platform sequences bacteria, viruses, parasites and fungi. Thanks to experience gained over the past five years (since 2015), P2M today offers a highly efficient service, as shown by a first-pass success rate (i.e. a high-quality sequence providing comprehensive information on the entire genome) of more than 95% in 2019. Sequence production takes between three days (for emergencies) and ten days at most.
In 2019, P2M sequenced around 25,000 pathogens. Genome sequencing increases the sensitivity threshold for outbreak detection. Early identification of outbreaks by the Institut Pasteur's scientists (clustered cases in a short space of time caused by the same pathogen) enables epidemiologists to get to work immediately to determine the origins of the outbreak, and the authorities to coordinate the public health response. 
Disclaimer: AAAS and EurekAlert! are not responsible for the accuracy of news releases posted to EurekAlert! by contributing institutions or for the use of any information through the EurekAlert system."
Corona Exclusive: We Interview Woman Who Eats The Odd Chinese Now & Then. 	"FEARFUL that we can’t keep up with the demands of this publication’s editor to come up 40 Coronavirus related stories every hour, aimed at causing mass hysteria with each story more poorly research than the last, WWN has exclusively nabbed an interview with Niamh Tully, an Irish woman who orders Chinese take away now and again.
Read Niamh’s SHOCKING interview that we hope puts the fear of God into you. Don’t forget to keep refreshing this website’s homepage for more needlessly overblown and TERRIFYING coverage of the CORONAVIRUS, which could have INFECTED everyone in IRELAND, who knows.
WWN Coronavirus Daily: Thanks for taking the time to speak to us Niamh on the phone. Are you dead from Coronavirus yet?
Niamh: What? No, I thought this was about my favourite take away I-
WWNCD: Thanks Niamh, it’s very brave of you to reveal exclusively to the WWN Coronavirus Daily that you have ‘taken away’ the virus from mainland China here to Ireland where presumably everyone is infected now.
Niamh: Sorry? Hang on, I’ve never been to- just what? Like what the fuck?
WWNCD: That is shocking. Niamh Tully, a beautiful young woman, with her whole life ahead of her hadn’t even been to CHINA and still contracted Turbo Coronavirus, which one science person we talked to said can be spread if a person just THINKS about the virus. Niamh, you’re so brave.
Niamh: I thought this was about the Full Moon Chinese down the road, you know, you got in touch to say there could be a Just Eat voucher in this for me or something. This is so confusing.
WWNCD: You have the full sympathies of our readers, who will learn in our EXCLUSIVE here, that you’re already confused, your brain reduced to mush by the virus you have definitely contracted.
Niamh: I’m going to hang up now, this is very weird. I-
WWNCD: Yes being in an isolation unit off the coast of China, dressed head to toe in a hazmat suit must to weird. Thanks for confirming you have a CONFIRMED case of Corona hear in IRELAND. What’s that beeping sound Niamh.
Niamh: Soup, I had the microw-
WWNCD: Oh dear God, Niamh, are health officials boiling you alive and reducing your body to a soup in a bid to rid you of this wretched virus? They are, aren’t they.
This is when the call with Niamh ended. We didn’t attempt to call her back and can only speculate that her Corona infested body exploded outside a playground where children were playing, covering them in blood riddled Corona. RIP Niamh.
 "
Corona all cured. 	The drug companies spend a fortune on PR Companies. Always trying to put a positive spin on staff. They are even still trying to write pieces about cancer. Though the diseases were cures 18 years ago air, using High Intensity UltraSound. Cancer drugs have been defective and criminal medicine ever since.2012 a contact who was HIV+ use ½ minute of High Intensity UltraSound to each side use chest and totally cured his AIDs.This works for all viral and bacterial infections. Stopping the development of cancers, heart disease, diabetes and mental health problems.Drug companies are critically upset about the mental health cure. They had not come to terms with high us clearing cancer. When I demonstrated 2013 it cleared MS, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and schizophrenia.Medics had demonstrated 2012 it cleared coronary heart disease. ½ minute of HIUS to the top left to the chest and the kidneys.Corona is just a virus. It is SARsII. A respiratory arise which transmits between humans. So medics can employing the HIUS device they bought 18 years ago. To validate the cancer cure. Making all cancer drug prescriptions criminal medicine.½ minute of HIUS to each side the chest will totally clear Corona. It is such an unproblem. Every registered Dr. on earth can totally clear Corona in 1 minute. Using the device they already own.People can buy a an 8 W 1 MHz ultrasound massage device over the Internet, and cure all infections instantly, for under 20 UK pounds. No Dr. or drug involvement required. Results 1 - 45 of 67 - Buy Ultrasound Massager Home Skin Care Devices and get the best ... BBS CARE PRO 1 Mhz Ultrasound Massager for face and body. ... La goodwind CM- 8 Body Massage Facial Skin Health Care Device ... From China .
The Corona Virus—1918 All Over Again?. 	"Clusters of a dozen or so deaths may get nonstop “if-it-bleeds-it-leads” press coverage. But the lack of preparedness for the really, really big threats may be met with virtual radio silence—until panic breaks out.
The worst, possibly existential, threat is the stealthy, invisible one that multiplies exponentially—in the accurate sense of the term: 400 cases today, 800 tomorrow, then 1600, 3200, 6400, 12800, 25600, etc.—nearly 1 million after only 12 doubling times. Biological threats proliferate—until they run out of susceptible victims.
In 1918, the great influenza pandemic killed as many people in 11 months as the medieval Black Death did in 4 years. Ultimately, at least 50 million may have perished. Young healthy people, especially young soldiers headed off to the front in World War I, succumbed quickly. To avoid interfering with the war effort, the U.S. government denied and covered up the threat, preventing the implementation of public health measures.
Since then, the world has gotten smaller. A virus that jumps the species barrier from animals to humans in a meat market in China can cross the Pacific in hours. And despite the expenditure of $80 billion on a National Biologic Defense, the U.S. is arguably no better prepared than it was in 1918, state Steven Hatfill, M.D., and coauthors in their new book Three Seconds until Midnight .
As in1918, we lack a vaccine or wonder drugs, but must rely on non-pharmaceutical interventions (NPI), and on public health authorities to track and try to contain the spread of infection.
Accurate information is critical. Can we trust governmental authorities to tell the truth? Travel restrictions, quarantine, closing businesses, and cancelling public events have a huge economic and potential political cost.
There can also be incentives to exaggerate the threat, in order to sell poorly tested vaccines or drugs. The 1976 swine flu epidemic was almost a non-event; more people were probably injured or even died from adverse effects of the heavily promoted vaccine.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has so far declined to declare the corona virus outbreak a global emergency, although cases have been reported in more than a dozen or so countries. China reported only hundreds of “confirmed” cases—while countless additional cases were not tested because of lack of diagnostic test kits.
The New England Journal of Medicine writes , “Another Decade, Another Coronavirus.” This 2019-nCoV virus is the third zoonotic (animal) coronavirus to infect humans in two decades. The SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) and MERS (Middle East respiratory syndrome) were contained. Other coronaviruses cause mild cold-like syndromes.
This virus has occasioned the quarantine of entire cities, for the first time since medieval times. This could not be done other than in authoritarian China, states virologist Steven Hatfill , but even there is unlikely to be effective—especially if 5 million people had left before the order was implemented.
The People’s Liberation Army has sent 450 medical personnel to Wuhan to help out at local hospitals, which are crammed with patients lying in packed corridors. Construction workers are reportedly trying to build a 1,000-bed hospital in Wuhan in five days. The U.S. and other nations are evacuating their citizens from Wuhan.
A report of 41 hospitalized patients in Wuhan, published in The Lancet , showed that patients were relatively young (median age 49) and fewer than half had an underlying illness. Only 66% had been exposed to the Huanan seafood market, the apparent source of the infection. One patient (2%) had no fever; all had pneumonia; 29% had severe respiratory distress syndrome; and 12% had acute cardiac injury. Most cases may be very mild, facilitating more rapid spread .
The corona virus is transmitted by droplets coming into contact with mucous membranes, including the eye. It can persist on surfaces for days. People without fever or symptoms can transmit the illness during the incubation period, which might be as long as two weeks. At present, definitive diagnostic testing is available only from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) .
In a severe outbreak, people whose job is not critical may need to stay home. Those who do not have a supply of food, essential medications, or other needed supplies would likely end up in a frantic crowd. Personal protective gear, for people who need to be in contact with the public or care for a sick family member, is already out of stock in medical supply houses. This includes gloves, wrap-around eye protection, and N-95 protective masks—regular surgical masks are probably of little help.
Panic is never helpful; staying calm is always good advice. But failure to heed previous warnings of the need for robust disaster planning, and complacency about medical technology and governmental resources, has set the stage for potential unprecedented disaster.
Individuals need to recognize that they themselves, and not 911 or the emergency room or the Federal Emergency Management Agency, may hold the key to their family’s and their community’s survival. Local authorities need to know that they may be on their own. For now, stock up on supplies; cover those coughs and sneezes; wash hands frequently for at least 20 seconds; avoid crowds; and stay aware, as the situation could change rapidly .
Jane M. Orient, M.D. obtained her undergraduate degrees in chemistry and mathematics from the University of Arizona in Tucson, and her M.D. from Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons in 1974. She completed an internal medicine residency at Parkland Memorial Hospital and University of Arizona Affiliated Hospitals and then became an Instructor at the University of Arizona College of Medicine and a staff physician at the Tucson Veterans Administration Hospital. She has been in solo private practice since 1981 and has served as Executive Director of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons (AAPS) since 1989. She is currently president of Doctors for Disaster Preparedness . She was chairman of the Public Health Committee of the Pima County (Arizona) Medical Society from 1988 until 2018. She is the author of YOUR Doctor Is Not In: Healthy Skepticism about National Healthcare , and the second through fifth editions of Sapira’s Art and Science of Bedside Diagnosis published by Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins. "
Corona virus. 	"We talked simply about where corona virus is from yesterday. Today, I want to share the situation in Korea because of this virus.
Every morning I turn on TV news, I can see today’s the dead because of it. It is getting larger. In case of China, the accumulated dead is over 500. Even people who get this virus into their body are over 28,000. It is amazing number. Yeah it means that the virus can be easily spread people to people. Even the effect to human is too much strong. That’s why a whole world turn on their emergency ring. In case of Korea, the confirmed people is 23. I totally hope the number is stopping but they never stop.
The situation is getting worse and serious. These day, student cannot attend entrance ceremony or graduation ceremony. Almost event is canceled. Even the opening day of a school is delayed.
When I walk on the road, truly almost people put a mask on. Even the price of mask also more higher. In my case, I try to wear a mask whenever I need to take a public transportation. You know what, there are masks for anyone who forget to bring a mask in bus and subway. It looks like a movie. I’m also a little bit nervous.
​"
The 5-Second Trick For corona virus source. 	Hence, it is highly very likely that foreseeable future SARS- or MERS-like coronavirus outbreaks will originate from bats, and You can find an increased chance this will happen in China. For that reason, the investigation of bat coronaviruses gets to be an urgent challenge for your detection of early warning indications, which in turn minimizes the affect of this kind of potential outbreaks in China. The goal of the assessment would be to summarize The present know-how on viral diversity, reservoir hosts, plus the geographical distributions of bat coronaviruses in China, and ultimately we aim to forecast virus hotspots and their cross-species transmission likely.Scientists have shared dozens of genetic sequences from strains of The brand new coronavirus, and a gentle offer of All those sequences will expose genetic variations as the outbreak progresses, says MacKay., delivered an excellent overview of what’s recognized about symptoms so far — within a subset of the first forty one individuals with verified 2019-nCoV in Wuhan. The most typical symptoms During this group were being fever, cough, muscle mass pain, and fatigue; significantly less frequent were headache, diarrhea, and coughing up mucus or blood. Somewhat more than fifty percent on the 41 individuals experienced issue respiration, and sixty three % had very low levels of white blood cells. As for your ailment severity: 13 clients ended up admitted to an ICU and six died.A Chinese hospital caring for individuals With all the novel coronavirus observed the infection distribute at high prices amongst wellbeing-care staff members along with other clients, In line with a analyze of cases at a Wuhan healthcare facility.Beijing’s Original instinct to suppress early studies and punish People in search of to reveal details that conflicts While using the Formal line will probable continue to exacerbate these types of incidents. As the website planet rightly responds to Chinese appeals for aid, a single even now can't enable but marvel how critical the disaster would've been if the Formal response had been a lot more transparent and swift.WHO cautions that transmission of the new coronavirus exterior… WHO cautions that transmission of The brand new coronavirus outside of China could maximize ‘We’re surely not geared up’: Africa braces For brand new coronavirus ‘We’re absolutely not prepared’: Africa braces For brand new coronavirus Coronavirus issues trigger world wide run on supplies for health and fitness… Coronavirus concerns trigger here world wide run on supplies for health staff, triggering shortagesAnthem of the Seas will skip a port simply call at Nassau, and Royal Caribbean be refunding the passengers aboard the next voyage in the future's really worth in their fares in the form of onboard credit history. Travellers at Rome's Fiumicino Airport Authority are scanned by thermal imaging for entire body temperature as they go through health actions and strategies towards lethal SARS-like virusWHO Director Common Tedros Adhanom Ghebreysus stated the agency experienced by now launched $9 million in reserve funding to help you poorer international locations get ready for the pandemic. The agency can also be sending many Many masks, gloves and respirators to places in want.Canada Goose Holdings Inc. tumbled in early investing just after the corporate said the coronavirus is “getting a material destructive impression” and Reduce its comprehensive-year forecast for gross sales and check here financial gain.Compounding the fears of a unfold is the Lunar New Yr, a time when an incredible number of Chinese travellers go to family members at your home or overseas for a holiday crack.By January 22, sixty more info eight percent on the sufferers had been discharged from your hospital. All people experienced pneumonia and lung abnormalities on CT scans. (A fast refresher: Pneumonia is definitely an an infection during the lungs which might be caused by several different organisms — microbes, fungi, viruses, even parasites. In such cases, 2019-nCoV is triggering the infection more info and top the lungs’ air sacs to be inflamed and refill with fluid or pus rather than air.)Pics emerging on Twitter demonstrates soup cooked with a bat. Bats are Employed in regular Chinese drugs to deal with a number of illness, which include coughing, Malaria and GonorrheaVital facts with regard to the virus and how it spreads remain not known, but professionals are thinking about best- and worst-situation scenarios on The idea of earlier epidemics and what scientists presently know.
Moody’s Analytics: Deadly Corona Virus May Be Black Swan Event Like No Other. 	"A man walks by an electronic stock board of a securities firm in Tokyo. Asian shares were mostly higher Wednesday after record highs on Wall Street amid investor optimism about an interim U.S.-China trade deal announced last week. 
A black swan is a rare and unpredictable event with potentially severe consequences and is characterized by claims, after the fact, that it should have been predicted. Black swan events can cause catastrophic damage to an economy, and can only be prepared for by building robust systems, according to a definition by Investopedia.
A coronavirus pandemic would be even more of a “black swan” than the global financial crisis and Great Recession of 2008-2009, according to Moody’s Analytics. Unlike the U.S. home mortgage meltdown, no one predicted the early 2020 arrival of a potentially devastating pandemic. And unlike the financial crisis, public-health and economic policymakers may be limited regarding their ability to remedy or offset a 1918 (or Spanish flu) type pandemic.
“Moody’s Analytics’ industrial metals price index has plunged in response to the risks posed by the possible spread of the coronavirus. To a considerable degree, the latest bout of industrial metals price deflation stems from China’s outsized influence on global industrial activity . Listen to GHOGH with Jamarlin Martin | Episode 39: Tunde Ogunlana Jamarlin talks to family wealth advisor Tunde Ogunlana, CEO of Axial Family Advisors, about estate planning and Snoop Dogg’s comment that he doesn’t need a will (“I don’t give a f— when I’m dead. What am I gonna give a f— about?”). They also discuss the growing college debt bubble, whether more free tuition will help solve the problem, and why MBAs are like the bachelor’s degrees of 30 years ago.
“Panic is growing, and adverse economic implications are rising as the number of confirmed cases of coronavirus in China and abroad continues to rise. While there is usually a bounce-back in economic activity after containment of a health epidemic, this latest outbreak hasn’t reached that point. Most of the cases are in China, but Hong Kong, Australia, the U.S., Canada, Taiwan and South Korea are amongst those with infected patients,” according to Moody’s.
“The industrial metals price index plunged by 7.1 percent since the arrival of coronavirus risks. A removal of the coronavirus threat offers no assurance of a quick return by industrial commodity prices to their highs of 2018.” 56 SHARES GET INFORMED
Sign up for the Moguldom newsletter - business news you need to know about economic empowerment for the digital age. "
Medicating Corona malpractice. 	Cancer Cure explores a perspective and revolutionary new treatment for cancer: high-intensity ultrasound, a noninvasive but promising new treatment that is being studied as a way to treat all cancers and could even cure in just one application. Author Dr. Jon Thomason shares research from the Moffitt Cancer Center, which pioneered research into this application of ultrasound, and he explains both how ultrasound works and how, more importantly, it can be used to as a treatment for cancer. Chemotherapy and surgery are not the only options for patients suffering from cancer. Ultrasound is a promising new alternative that could offer a noninvasive treatment without the debilitating side-effects of radiation and surgery. Certificate of registration The US library of congress has just registered 'Ultrasound – Cheap Home Cure To All Cancers' TX 8-659-428 2002 and three medical professors at the Moffitt cancer centre, published the application of external High Intensity UltraSound to clear prostate cancer at one session.Global doctors confirmed the new medical science, cleared all 200 types of human cancer out there 18 years ago. If they had not confirmed the new medicine, they waving struck off! Losing both medical registration and Health Insurance.Making subsequent medical practice all criminal. Law firms can sue the struck off doctors who continued in medical practice, for $16,000,000 per patient deliberate homicide. Each member of the medical team receives custodial jail sentences. 25 years in high security jail for the each Dr.Assisting nurses, pharmacists, drug company is and hospitals also struck off!The Moffitt Paper concern to the clearance of all pressurise cell types, like cancers and viruses. Which must have an inflated cell structure, in order to divide and grow. Bacterial infections must also have an inflated cell structure, to induce the immune system to replicate the bacterial cell.1 minute of 8 W 1 MHz ultrasound causes e.g. the cancer cells to boil and pop. ½ minute to each side the chest clears all viral infections totally.This included the common cold! Which is why SARs was due to be the global pandemic. But then disappeared 2003.Corona is SARsII - a viral version of the infection, which transmits between individuals.2012 I validated ½ minute of HIUS to each side the chest would even clear AIDs. The most pernicious viral infection in human history.My contact in New York bought his own HIUS device, cleared his own HIV, and was discharged the next week from all AIDs Medical Care. He was cured.So now we have Corona. Which he very well maybe respond to wide spectrum antibiotics. But we can do better than that! ½ minute of HIUS to each side the chest will totally clear all viral infections including Corona.If the individual does not have an infection, there are no side-effects. They will not even fill any chest warming, that you get from clearing a Corona infection.Trying to prescribe medication for Corona is actually defective medicine. It is medical malpractice. Striking off all involved medics, nurses, pharmacists, hospitals and involved drug companies.Since 2002 all cancer drug prescription has been medical malpractice. The lawyers can sue the involved doctors, to ensure these medical murder is are totally removed from Health Care.Getting one million for each patient deliberately medicated to death.For Corona, each Dr. in China has a HIUS device. Used to validate the Moffitt cancer paper. Making all subsequent cancer drug prescriptions medical malpractice.They can applying the device to a patient's chest, for ½ minute, or until the patient reports warming.This will totally clear Corona all over the world. Which transpires to be an almost trivial infection. The drug company is are desperately looking for a new AIDs, since the condition was totally cures eight years ago air.Doctors who have continued to prescribe any eight medication since 2002, struck off! With appropriate fines and jail time. As with cancer, heart disease, diabetes, and mental health problems. All totally cured by HIUS!Registered doctors are not even allowed to research biochemical treatments. For the is no cured conditions.Seeking to research or medicate Corona, he is medical malpractice! Fatal criminal medicine.
BUILDING BRIDGES: Racism spreading much faster than corona virus. 	"“Do you know how the coronavirus started?” my husband asked. “From someone eating a bat.”
“What? Someone ate a bat?” My brows furrowed as I thought about this.
In my head, a scene played out where someone was hiking through the woods, came across a bat, killed it (with what – a stone?) and ate it raw.
I have since learned that bats are a delicacy in other parts of the world. My immediate reaction was telling of the cultural context I live in. Nobody I know eats bats – I didn’t even know they could be eaten or how – so my imagination came up with a story.
But quickly following that bizarre story my brain concocted was this thought: I have never eaten pigs even though many people I know do. I understand that in their world, it’s OK to eat pigs. Likewise, although I have abstained from beef for much of my adult life and have been an on-again, off-again chicken eater (currently ‘off,’ in case you are wondering), I haven’t thought it was ‘weird’ for people to eat cows and chickens because I was raised in a culture that was OK with it.
Why are we OK with certain animals being eaten over others? Who are we to judge others about eating particular animals when we consume cows (a forbidden meat in the Hindu religion) and pigs (a forbidden meat in the Jewish and Muslim faiths)? That’s a lot of people who don’t eat cows and pigs. Why are we even OK supporting an industry that is directly related to animal cruelty and the destruction of the Earth’s resources, affecting our climate, but we are disgusted by someone eating a bat?
READ ALSO: WHO declares global emergency over coronavirus
From what I understand, people are arguing that wild animals are more dangerous to eat than farmed animals. However, people have gotten sick – even fatally ill – from eating farmed animals.
Piggybacking on those thoughts was this: there is going to be some crazy backlash now against the Chinese community. First, they’ll be blamed (via their eating habits or whatever) and then they’ll be shunned. This happened during the 2003 SARS outbreak which also started in China, and it’s happening now.
Thanks to social media, racist comments are spreading faster than any virus. On Facebook, Twitter, TikTok…you will find comments about people eating wild animals and infecting the rest of the world, and you will see people demanding that Chinese people be quarantined. The silent show of racism also takes place when people frequent Chinese restaurants and stores less often or move away from Chinese-looking people in public places, like on the bus.
READ ALSO: Keep calm and wash your hands: B.C. pharmacist’s tips on coronavirus prevention
Not all viruses become ‘racialized.’ When I mentioned farmed animals causing people to get sick, I was specifically thinking about mad cow disease which affected mostly the UK. I didn’t hear anybody giving the Brits a hard time for it. The H1N1 flu virus wasn’t racialized; its origin was North America. Why is it when something comes out of China or parts of Africa (like Ebola) it becomes about the people and the place of origin?
In addition to the myths about what the actual virus is doing, how many people are dying from it, how one should protect oneself, there are some really harmful ideas floating around that are just as scary as a disease we haven’t yet eradicated.
Malcolm X likened racism to a ‘tumour that is malignant in the body of America.’ Maybe we are not focusing on the right disease.
Columnist Taslim Jaffer writes monthly on multicultural connections. Get local stories you won't find anywhere else right to your inbox."
Corona Virus Causes Violent Writhing, Just Like The Movie “Outbreak”. China Is Falsifying Death Counts. 	"It is my opinion at this time that the Corona virus ravaging China today is a weaponized version of the Corona virus that Chinese biological research scientist spies, working in Canada, stole from the Canadian Level 4 (top-secret military biological pathogens research facility). The spies were removed from the facility and returned to China, where the pathogen was studied at the Chinese Level 4 facility in WUHAN, a few miles from the wet market taking the blame for the onset of this dangerous viral outbreak. https://www.jerrywdavis.com/wp-content/uploads/Wuhan.Writhing.mp4 You can read more on the theft and expulsion here: https://www.zerohedge.com/geopolitical/did-china-steal-coronavirus-canada-and-weaponize-it There is no treatment for this pathogen, and the only defense is your immune system. I will publish my own plans for preparing my family to successfully resist infection in a few days. I suggest you watch the 1995 movie “OUTBREAK” to get an idea of what potentially can play out on a global scale. Yes, a global scale. This Is How China Is Hiding The True Number Of Coronavirus Deaths
As the world’s cortisol and stomach acid levels rise every hour in parallel with the number of officially reported Coronavirus infections (and deaths), which as of Saturday morning was roughly 1,400… Source: Johns Hopkins GIS and Data.
… the world has an unpleasant flashback to 2003 when for weeks Beijing would lie and hide the full extent of the SARS epidemic to avoid risking a social panic. To be sure, this time China has done its best to pretend it has learned from the past and it is so transparent, even President Xi Jinping warned that the country is facing a “grave situation”, and that the spread of the deadly virus is accelerating after holding a special government meeting on the Lunar New Year public holiday.
After staying largely silent in public about the outbreak since it first emerged in central China last month, Xi on Saturday convened a special meeting of the seven-member Politburo Standing Committee, calling for a more centralized response to the epidemic and asserting personal responsibility in addressing the crisis.
“When an epidemic breaks out, a command is issued. It is our responsibility to prevent and control it,” Xi said, according to the state-run Xinhua News Agency. He called for the new high-level committee to “address concerns within and outside the country,” indirectly referencing mounting global concern about the epidemic, which Mr. Xi described as a “grave situation” that was accelerating. “We definitely can win the battle to contain the epidemic,” he vowed.
That remains to be seen: as reported earlier , in China – which has put over 56 million people on lockdown quarantine – the coronavirus has killed at least 41 people and infected over 1,400 in China. Ominously, a UK researcher predicted that the Coronavirus would infect over 250,000 people in China in under two weeks, which has sparked a renewed fear that China will once again try to under-represent the true severity of the diseases until it is too late. A patient at the Zhongnan Hospital of China’s Wuhan University
The problem is that even as China theatrically pretends to be so forthright about the extent of the epidemic – if only to avoid panic and chaos over allegations it is again hiding the full impact of the disease – it is doing precisely that , and now we know just how it is doing that : instead of putting down coronavirus as the cause of death for an unknown number of Wuhan casualties, China’s coroners and hospitals merely ascribe death to “viral pneumonia”, case closed.
Here’s how the WSJ describes this treacherous “bait and switch”:
A 53-year-old fitness trainer died on Wednesday after checking into a hospital in Wuhan a little more than a week earlier, said his niece. His family had expected the death certificate to reflect the deadly coronavirus, because as his condition deteriorated, his doctors told his family he was suffering from an untreatable virus in his lungs.
Instead, it recorded “severe pneumonia” as the cause of death, she said. The relatives of two other people who died in separate hospitals in Wuhan this week also described similar situations, saying the causes of death had been given as “viral pneumonia.”
Why did the hospital do this? Because as the relatives of all three now dead people said, the deceased hadn’t been included in China’s official count of 41 deaths attributed to coronavirus .
And that’s how China is suppressing the full extent of nCoV’s lethality, and keeping the mortality rate of the coronavirus artificially low: “There are likely to be many times more cases in Wuhan than officially confirmed,” said Neil Ferguson, a disease modeler at Imperial College London, who echoed the forecast of Jonathan Read , and estimated as many as 4,000 people may have been infected in Wuhan. “Clearly, the hospitals are overwhelmed.”
What’s worse is that if there are indeed 4,000 injected already , then the previously discussed catastrophic forecast of 250,000 cases by Feb 4 may be overly optimistic by half.
The official numbers are far lower of course: on Saturday morning, local time, the number of confirmed global infections had risen to at least 1,438, nearly doubling from the previous day. Comically, China has said it would hold officials accountable for any delays or omissions in reporting cases: so far such threats appear to have had precisely zero impact on anyone.
Others have confirmed as much: as the WSJ reports, “ some Chinese media with reporters on the ground in Wuhan have said they have found cases that weren’t included in the official reporting. Caixin, a business journal, reported in early January that a doctor in Wuhan had been infected, 11 days before officials confirmed that medical staff had been infected. The Beijing News, a newspaper, reported this week that many patients weren’t officially labeled as carrying the new virus, even though their doctors and nurses said they were.” Medical staff work to sterilize a hospital in Wuhan, China, on Jan. 24
That said, there may be a legitimate reason why the real number is being underreported, and it has to do with the flood of actual cases which is just too much for local doctors to keep up: China state-run TV cited doctors in Wuhan who said the number of patients with fever was too many to be treated and patients hospitalized couldn’t get the pathogenic test in time, because the samples needed to be sent to the provincial offices of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention.
That will soon change: China’s health ministry updated its protocol for identifying infections on Thursday with a simplified process for registering cases as suspected or confirmed. An earlier version, viewed by the Journal, required several steps of testing before a patient could be called a suspected case.
Yet despite these mitigating circumstances, it appears that the underlying incentive is to underreport the true extent of the epidemic for as long as possible.
One woman, a 63-year-old retiree in Wuhan, died on Tuesday, her nephew told the WSJ. The death certificate, viewed by the Journal, shows the cause of death as “pneumonia obtained from the community.” Doctors at the hospital that treated her told the family she had the new coronavirus, the nephew said, but she wasn’t counted as a case. The instance has also been reported by the Beijing News.
In another case, a 72-year-old former doctor was in the hospital for three days before he died on Tuesday, his nephew said. The doctors told the family he had caught viral pneumonia, he said. The niece said her uncle, the fitness trainer, first noticed symptoms of what he thought was a common cold in early January, which he believed he had caught at a banquet. He didn’t pay much attention initially, but a few days later, he decided to go to the hospital after seeing blood when he coughed. His niece said he had never been to the food market believed to be the epicenter of the virus.
“The doctor told us repeatedly that he caught the viral pneumonia that no medicine could treat,” she said. A patient’s immune system is the only defense, she said the family was told. “But after he died, the death certificate only said ‘severe pneumonia, ’” she said, adding that she had expected the record to reflect the newly detected coronavirus.
The uncle was transferred to the infectious diseases unit on Wednesday, the niece said. Hours later, the family was informed that his condition was critical. Two days after her uncle died, China’s health ministry released the profiles of 39 deaths in Hubei due to the new virus, with two deaths listed in other provinces. She couldn’t find her uncle on the list.
As hundreds if not thousands of Wuhan residents die due to “severe pneumonia” instead of coronavirus, one can’t help but wonder if once the true cause of death is reported, instead of a 4% mortality rate as calculated by Dr. Jonathan Read, the Coronavirus epidemic will be in double digits – SARS was 11% – making this one of the most deadly epidemics in history.
Incidentally, here is a reminder of what happened when China’s attempts to cover up the full extent of the 2003 SARS epidemic were exposed:
A Chinese doctor who exposed the cover-up of China’s SARS outbreak in 2003 has been barred from traveling to the United States to collect a human rights award, a friend of the doctor and a human rights group said this week.
The doctor, Jiang Yanyong, a retired surgeon in the People’s Liberation Army, was awarded the Heinz R. Pagels Human Rights of Scientists Award by the New York Academy of Sciences. His army-affiliated work unit, Beijing’s Hospital 301, denied him permission to travel to the award ceremony in September, Hu Jia, a Chinese rights promoter who is a friend of Dr. Jiang’s, said Thursday.
Dr. Jiang rose to international prominence in 2003, when he disclosed in a letter circulated to international news organizations that at least 100 people were being treated in Beijing hospitals for severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS. At the time, the Chinese medical authorities were asserting that the entire nation had only a handful of cases of the disease.
The revelation prompted China’s top leaders to acknowledge that they had provided false information about the epidemic. The health minister and the mayor of Beijing were removed from their posts.
Surely this time is different. "
The Dark Corona. 	"On January 31, as a special Air India flight evacuated 324 Indians from Wuhan, Monika Sethuraman, 31, broke down in tears realising that she wouldn't be on the plane. ""I couldn't breathe for a few seconds...I am stuck here in the city, and it's now turned into a huge prison,"" she says over the phone from her one-room dormitory. The doctoral scholar in international relations at Wuhan's Central China Normal University had been instrumental in contacting the Indian embassy and arranging the evacuation of fellow Indians following an outbreak of the new novel corona­virus (2019-nCoV).
For Sethuraman herself, leaving Wuhan won't be easy now. ""I didn't go to the airport because I knew I would not be cleared for the flight out. Even if I recover from the cold, once you are on the blacklist, you will not be allowed to fly out,"" she laments. Since the transport lockdown on January 23, Sethuraman has stocked up on essentials. According to her, stepping out is futile. One will be spotted by a drone, the building security cameras or police, and sent back indoors. ""The authorities aren't interested in testing or verifying if you have the virus. They are only interested in control...it doesn't matter if we live or die so as long as the virus is contained,"" she says. ""I am foll­owing WHO (World Health Organization) guidelines, but there is no human interface to connect to. If people see you wiping your nose, they run from you, including the officials. That's the kind of panic and desperation here."" First batch of Indian evacuees arriving at the quarantine centre in Delhi (Photo: ANI)
The travails of Vinay Ahuja, 38, who was visiting business associates in the region when the city went into a lockdown, are no different. ""Nobody expected it to escalate so quickly,"" he says, as he marks time before he gets permission to fly out. What Ahuja and many others are wondering is whether India would be able to replicate China's iron-fisted attempts to control the outbreak in a similar situation. China has been criticised by human rights groups, but received praise from WHO for its aggressive approach to control 2019-nCoV. The country built a 645,000 sq. ft emergency hospital in Wuhan in just 10 days. The two-storeyed hospital has 30 intensive care units (ICUs), 1,000 beds and special corridors to limit patient-nurse contact. A second hospital could be up by February 5. Medical officials screening the 323 Indians and 7 Maldivians at the airport (Photo: ANI)
Seldom has an illness-largely a little-known respiratory disease-aroused such apprehensions as the 'corona', now part of the popular lexicon as a dreaded threat, eclipsing the pleasant connotations of being the aura around the Sun and a branded cold brew. First detected in December 2019, 2019-nCoV is a previously unidentified strain. It comes from the same family of viruses as the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS-CoV), which claimed 774 lives, including three Indians in 2002-03.
The situation in India is nowhere as grim as at epicentre Wuhan, though three cases had been confirmed until February 5, while 3,935 were under observation at isolation wards across the country, apart from the special camps for Wuhan returnees near Delhi airport. So, how prepared is India to handle the coronavirus in case the numbers spike?
Considering there is no vaccine or trial-proven drug therapy yet, aff­ected patients are being treated symptomatically based on clinical severity. ""Serious cases who have viral pneumonia will need supportive intensive care, including mechanical ventilation when required. Hospitals in large cities can provide this, if the numbers are not overwhelming. Small towns and rural areas in most states will be ill-equipped if the virus spreads further,"" says Dr K. Srinath Reddy, president, Public Health Foundation of India (PHFI). Is it spreading? A doctor reads the CT scan of a quarantined patient in Wuhan (Photo: Feature China/Getty Images)
The public health system will have to go the extra mile to check the potential spread of the virus. Entry points to the country are being closely monitored to assess incoming travellers. There is still the danger of infected persons slipping through in the asymptomatic but infectious phase of the illness. Isolation of clinically-suspected cases is essential even where a specific virological diagnosis is not immediately available. Close contacts of affected persons are being advised clinical assessment and restricted mobility till the incubation period (up to two weeks) is over. ""Since the symptoms are not specific to this virus, a high index of suspicion is needed based on history of exposure to a proven/ likely case, even where laboratory facilities for a specific viral diagnosis are not readily available,"" explains Reddy. ""We have to educate the public with well-framed risk communication messaging and health advice, and all healthcare providers must follow the correct diagnostic/ clinical protocols.""
A comprehensive nationwide surveillance system is still a work in progress. While this network has expanded since the H1N1 virus threat loomed large a decade ago, competent labs are needed at more locations. In 2012, there was a proposal to set up 150 diagnostic and research labs with virology-related expertise. Of these, 80 are operable now, but this number is far from adequate. These are also not linked to the public health response system and only serve as support for ad hoc reporting.
Though India has an integrated dis­ease surveillance programme in each district, this is done at a micro level and largely follows a symptomatic approach. ""We need case-based surveillance-where any suspicious disease outbreaks are reported to labs for real-time con­f­irmation. What we have is reporting at district levels based on extreme symptoms,"" says Dr G. Arun Kumar, head, Manipal Institute of Virology, one of four diagnostic labs under the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR).
Detailed investigations found that the SARS-CoV was transmitted from palm civets to humans in China in 2002 and the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS-CoV) from dromedary camels to humans in Saudi Arabia in 2012. The animal source of the 2019-nCoV is yet to be identified. It's likely the source is a live animal market in China.
Labs and the health system have also largely overlooked animal research and the risk mapping of India. There are several types of animal to human transmitted (zoonotic) diseases. They vary in terms of pathogen diversity (viruses, bacteria, fungi, protozoa, helminths) and animal sources (bats, pigs, chickens, other birds, palm civets, dogs, fishes, crustaceans and snakes). India has fairly well-established programmes for monitoring zoonotic diseases like rabies, brucellosis and Japanese encephalitis. It is the threat of newer viruses, transmitted from wild or cap­tive bred animals, that is most worrisome.
""To identify the emergence and spread patterns of zoonotic pathogens, we need a 'one-health' approach, combining research data from wildlife, veterinary and human populations involving biology, epidemiology and clinical studies. Surveillance of wet markets, involving sale of animal foods, has to be strengthened. At the same time, research needs to identify entry points of zoonotic pathogens from outbreaks in other countries,"" explains Dr Reddy.
Agencies such as the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) and the ICMR have advanced efforts in these areas. Yet, India is unequal to the task, be it handling an emergency or pursuing priority research. The weak links lie in inadequately integ­rated epidemiological surveillance of zoonotic pathogens in forests, close-bred veterinary clusters and human population groups. This is one of the reasons why Nipah claimed 17 lives in Kerala in 2018. The dearth of virologic and taxonomic studies on native bats made it difficult to understand the nature of the virus. However, the state has learnt from the tragedy. Kerala has declared 2019-nCoV a state calamity and has kept over 2,000 people under surveillance at their homes. ""This is to tighten vigil rather than create panic. We do not want to miss out on any case,"" says state health minister K.K. Shailaja.
This level of vigilance has not been replicated elsewhere. Despite India being in the top 30 countries at risk from the virus, there has been no statement from the minister of health and no central guidelines for detecting and controlling infection. In contrast, European countries began tracking down visitors from China and putting out strong public advisories two weeks after the outbreak. Precautionary guidelines for the public in India are yet to be widely disseminated, in English or in local languages.
""There are all kinds of misleading reports giving the public incorrect information to help cure the virus. Most people also do not know how to protect themselves, which masks to wear, and so on. Public education has been entirely neglected so far,"" says Chapal Mehra, a public health specialist in Delhi. ""We need a proactive approach, not a reactionary one. Large-scale screening of risk individuals has to be a priority. It's a challenge for our public health system, which is yet to come out with a strategic approach to the issue,"" he adds.
A concerted multi-agency response, led by a competent public health system, is the need of the hour, but it is currently hampered by the limited expertise in the country. In the medium term, agile outbreak response systems have to be built, primary healthcare facilities (where clinical assessments take place) strengthened and vaccine development efforts advanced.
If the virus does spread here in the same magnitude as in Wuhan, the impact on the economy, healthcare and public morale could be catastrophic. With one of the world's highest population densities, especially in urban cities like Delhi and Mumbai, maintaining three-feet distance between individuals (as recommended by the WHO) will be impossible, nor will the lockdown of an entire city be feasible. Meanwhile, social media broadcasts by individuals in Wuhan paint a grim picture. Shortage of food and medicines, panic and misinformation, depression, even theft-the virus doesn't just destroy health, it destroys society. It's already visible in Kerala. There are media reports of families of China returnees being 'ostracised'. "
The Corona Virus—1918 All Over Again?. 	"Clusters of a dozen or so deaths may get nonstop “if-it-bleeds-it-leads” press coverage. But the lack of preparedness for the really, really big threats may be met with virtual radio silence—until panic breaks out.
The worst, possibly existential, threat is the stealthy, invisible one that multiplies exponentially—in the accurate sense of the term: 400 cases today, 800 tomorrow, then 1600, 3200, 6400, 128000, 256000, 512000, and 1.024 million after only eight doubling times. Biological threats proliferate—until they run out of susceptible victims.
In 1918, the great influenza pandemic killed as many people in 11 months as the medieval Black Death did in 4 years. Ultimately, at least 50 million may have perished. Young healthy people, especially young soldiers headed off to the front in World War I, succumbed quickly. To avoid interfering with the war effort, the U.S. government denied and covered up the threat, preventing the implementation of public health measures.
Since then, the world has gotten smaller. A virus that jumps the species barrier from animals to humans in a meat market in China can cross the Pacific in hours. And despite the expenditure of $80 billion on a National Biologic Defense, the U.S. is arguably no better prepared than it was in 1918, state Steven Hatfill, M.D., and coauthors in their new book Three Seconds until Midnight .
As in 1918, we lack a vaccine or wonder drugs, but must rely on non-pharmaceutical interventions (NPI), and on public health authorities to track and try to contain the spread of infection.
Accurate information is critical. Can we trust governmental authorities to tell the truth? Travel restrictions, quarantine, closing businesses, and cancelling public events have a huge economic and potential political cost.
There can also be incentives to exaggerate the threat, in order to sell poorly tested vaccines or drugs. The 1976 swine flu epidemic was almost a non-event; more people were probably injured or even died from adverse effects of the heavily promoted vaccine.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has so far declined to declare the corona virus outbreak a global emergency, although cases have been reported in more than a dozen or so countries. China reported only hundreds of “confirmed” cases—while countless additional cases were not tested because of lack of diagnostic test kits.
The New England Journal of Medicine writes , “Another Decade, Another Coronavirus.” This 2019-nCoV virus is the third zoonotic (animal) coronavirus to infect humans in two decades. The SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) and MERS (Middle East respiratory syndrome) were contained. Other coronaviruses cause mild cold-like syndromes.
This virus has occasioned the quarantine of entire cities, for the first time since medieval times. This could not be done other than in authoritarian China, states virologist Steven Hatfill , but even there is unlikely to be effective—especially if 5 million people had left before the order was implemented.
The People’s Liberation Army has sent 450 medical personnel to Wuhan to help out at local hospitals, which are crammed with patients lying in packed corridors. Construction workers are reportedly trying to build a 1,000-bed hospital in Wuhan in five days. The U.S. and other nations are evacuating their citizens from Wuhan.
A report of 41 hospitalized patients in Wuhan, published in The Lancet , showed that patients were relatively young (median age 49) and fewer than half had an underlying illness. Only 66% had been exposed to the Huanan seafood market, the apparent source of the infection. One patient (2%) had no fever; all had pneumonia; 29% had severe respiratory distress syndrome; and 12% had acute cardiac injury. Most cases may be very mild, facilitating more rapid spread .
The corona virus is transmitted by droplets coming into contact with mucous membranes, including the eye. It can persist on surfaces for days. People without fever or symptoms can transmit the illness during the incubation period, which might be as long as two weeks. At present, definitive diagnostic testing is available only from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) .
In a severe outbreak, people whose job is not critical may need to stay home. Those who do not have a supply of food, essential medications, or other needed supplies would likely end up in a frantic crowd. Personal protective gear, for people who need to be in contact with the public or care for a sick family member, is already out of stock in medical supply houses. This includes gloves, wrap-around eye protection, and N-95 protective masks—regular surgical masks are probably of little help.
Panic is never helpful; staying calm is always good advice. But failure to heed previous warnings of the need for robust disaster planning, and complacency about medical technology and governmental resources, has set the stage for potential unprecedented disaster.
Individuals need to recognize that they themselves, and not 911 or the emergency room or the Federal Emergency Management Agency, may hold the key to their family’s and their community’s survival. Local authorities need to know that they may be on their own.
For now, stock up on supplies; cover those coughs and sneezes; wash hands frequently for at least 20 seconds; avoid crowds; and stay aware, as the situation could change rapidly. Jane Orient Jane M. Orient, M.D., Executive Director of Association of American Physicians and Surgeons, has been in solo practice of general internal medicine since 1981 and is a clinical lecturer in medicine at the University Of Arizona College Of Medicine. She received her undergraduate degrees in chemistry and mathematics from the University of Arizona, and her M.D. from Columbia University…"
HIUS cures all Corona. 	What ever the miniscule differences there are between Corona viral types, they must all divides in a viral fashion. This requires the infected cell to be pressurised, and have additional viral RNA tacked on to the end of the DNA,Drug company is are livid one application of High Intensity UltraSound, as medically published by three medical professors from the Moffitt cancer centre 2002, and all viruses are cured.A contact in New York used ½ minute of 8 W 1 MHz ultrasound to either side of his chest 2012, and cured his HIV AIDs. I have personally cleared 30 frames are various viral and bacterial infections.It cures all infections. Medics have dreamt up C19 today, Corona19. What happened to Corona1...18? How are the virus types different. This is an old medical trick.You cure an infection, and it changes genome slightly. So to her new medical research, and slightly different drugs.Not with HIUS. It cures all infections that will ever exist. It sets off Molecular Nuclear Fusion in the pressurise cell type. Body cells experience ultrasound pounds above 180 Watts 40 kHz.But the beauty people licensed home ultrasound devices, at 8 W 1 MHz. They clear all limb damage and scarring. I applied to the closed eyes, it will clear corneal scarring and leaving cataracts. Conditions medicine can't even treat! Now all drug research into cataracts and corneal scarring are prohibited.Registered doctors cannot prescribe or research defective medicine. And all cancer drugs became defective medicine as a HIUS Paper was published 2002.Doctors have to be a aware off, validated and use new medical science. So on earth validated one session of HIUS will clear all 200 cancers out there 2002. Or they were struck off, subsequent medical practice all criminal.The biochemical drug company is are voluntary signatures to the Hippocratic oath. So they are used registered doctors to validate HIUS 18 years ago.Then manufacture and sale of cancer drugs became criminal medicine. Striking off the manufacturing drug companies, and at voided their patients.Astra Zeneca continued cancer drug manufacture and sale for eight years. So ceased to be a registered an legal drug company 2002. An there is no way back to legality. They are not alone.Every drug company also continued with criminal cancer drugs. But bought off the National Medical registers, not to strike them off! They went into illegal medical cooporations to do Bio medical trials. No industry regulator is allowed to be active in the industry it regulates.So every medical register on earth was struck off itself 18 years ago. They cannot pass judgment on the medicine utilised by other doctors. As every lawyer Dr. Who works for a register, the struck off.Every court action there had by every medical register on earth, up for retrial at the law society's expense. That is going to really clag up the core systems around the world!Only now, every biochemical treatment for cancers and the diseases of age, is automatically criminal medicine. The prescribing doctors dangerous mass murderers. Killing patients for profit!The Moffitt Paper also covered the cure of viruses using HIUS. Every infection boils and pops, in response to external ultrasound of 8 W 1 MHz. As he pressurised infections cell does molecular nuclear fusion. 1H2O+P+HIUS->He+O+E2+L...X-raySo all varieties of the Corona virus, and totally cleared by ½ minute of HIUS to each side of the chest. Just like he HIV AIDs. The drug company is are speechless.This will cure all viruses medicine can't even treat. All now totally cured. Thanks to my PH D work at Sheffield University 2001. As my PH D supervisor pointed out, cancer biopsies in ultrasound scans, fill up with microwbubbles (of helium and free radical oxygen gases). And then pop.He ended my PH D work, as I started talking about ultrasound setting off nuclear fusion. 2(r+s)H2Ol+US->r(He2++O++3e-+E2+L...X-ray)+sH2O2010 and I read the Moffitt Paper and used 180 W 40 kHz externally, to cure cancers, heart disease and diabetes. 2013 and I validated ½ minute of 8 W 1 MHz ultrasound to either side of the head, clears all dementia.Which explains why global doctors have shut the hell up about dementia. As MS, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and schizophrenia and are totally cleared by ½ minute of HIUS externally to the head.Doctors borrowed ultrasound sience from physics. Who first developed High Intensity UltraSound, or metallurgical inspections, so HIUS is a bride technology and is outside medical patent protection.Individuals can buy a an 8 W 1 MHz ultrasound massage device over the Internet.Just ½ minute each side the chest totally clears Corona as home. No Dr. involvement. Doctors can't even treat mental health problems. High as cures them Coronax, all viruses cured.The Chinese president pbuss pressurise the CDFA (Chinese Food and drug administration) into recommending that all doctors use the HIUS they validated 18 years ago and stop prescribing defective biochemical drugs.Who will then go down in history as the Chinese president who have to cure a serious disease. And not a mass murderer like Mao se'Tung.HIUS cures all bacterial infections. Antibiotic tolerant are not. The HIUS generates the specific an effective human antibody to clear all bacterial infections.Are applying fungal antibiotics, may or may not stimulate production of this affective drug. So of fungal antibiotic prescription has been criminal and defective medicine for 18 years.If your GP has prescribed fungal antibiotics since 2002, they ceased to be registered doctors and all subsequent medical practice criminal. As far as I know, this applies to every supposedly registered Dr. on earth. All struck off!If just one suppose the registered Dr. Has to validate the new medical science and forwarded to they know.All the doctors are rich in the struck off. This same penalty as far applying defective medication. And pills for cancers, viruses and bacterial infections have been criminal medicine for 18 years.So drug companies are looking for versions of the Corona virus, but does not respond to HIUS. But all bacterial and viral infections are cured totally by a single application of HIUS.Biochemical drug prescription has been defective and criminal medicine for 18 years. The prescribing doctors all struck off the medical register, losing Health Insurance. Making all further medical practice criminal.So the way the Hippocratic works just one Dr. reading the Corona cure, has to forwarded to every interested Dr. In the world.C19, same as C37. All totally cured by 1 minute of HIUS. And president Xi Janping will ensure that every Chinese Dr. Uses the new life saving medicine, that is HIUS. Or go down in the history books as one of the biggest mass murderers ever.
corona virus california Secrets. 	"According to public health pointers, health treatment vendors have to isolate patients in A personal, closed home having a surgical mask if they've a fever of in excess of a hundred.A Chinese female has long been detained by law enforcement for ""intentionally concealing"" her connection with a person or persons from a region influenced from the lethal new coronavirus, China's point out-run Xinhua news company claimed Tuesday., describes how a woman from China contaminated four co-employees at a German firm before she confirmed any symptoms of your ailment herself.Testing for the virus: The examination for coronavirus takes 6 hours at a CDC lab. A UCSF qualified is Doing work to change that.Security team checks over the temperature of students moving into a university, as public fear about China's Wuhan Coronavirus grows, on Feb. 3, 2020 in Manila, Philippines. The Philippine government has long been seriously criticized soon after failing to right away implement travel constraints on China, the source of the lethal coronavirus which includes now killed over three hundred people today and infected hundreds more.Chicago Dept. of General public Health: “Importantly, at this time, public overall health officers never recommend of any imminent health and fitness threat to the public.” @cbschicagoWorkers put in place beds at an exhibition Heart that has been converted into a healthcare facility to deal with in inflow of coronavirus sufferers in Wuhan, in China's central Hubei more info province, February four, 2020. Gettyship, which established sail from Bayonne in late January, was until Friday just one of at the least three cruise ships globally in which passengers had been quarantined amid fears of onboard outbreaks in the illness, which can distribute amongst humans.Foreign vacationers will not be permitted to enter the country. U.S. citizens arriving from Wuhan will be positioned less than healthcare isolation if they've symptoms of sickness.One more commenter on Reddit mentioned that the rest of the sentence was, ""Tuesday. It did not sound like it was from coronavirus but I am going to Allow you already know.""Will not go. That is what you are able to do. Lousy time for you to travel. You are taking a big threat with Your loved ones. Dying from viral pneumonia is like drowning having a fever inside your bed.Coronavirus effect on India: Two with the clients had returned from China every week back and one other experienced returned about per month back. As lots of as 33,552 passengers who arrived in China in a hundred and fifty five flights as of Monday, are screened for any achievable coronavirus.(The phrase ""novel"" refers to The point that The existing outbreak is due to a completely new pressure of coronavirus.) The contaminated person at ASU had recently returned from touring to Wuhan, China, which happens to be the place the viral outbreak commenced.Tv footage of those services showed beds positioned in tight rows in substantial rooms without the need of dividers among them."
C for CRUDE and C for CORONA VIRUS – What is our choice?. 	C for CRUDE and C for CORONA VIRUS – What is our choice? 5 th February 2020 C for CRUDE and C for CORONA VIRUS – What is our choice? Dear Fellow Travellers, With the grace of my GURU, all my calls are going 100% on dot be it stocks, bullion or crude. Our post after the budget was 100% on-time and the market moved up like anything on TUESDAY. Many readers have appreciated our timely post. Today we are going to talk about CRUDE. I am sure this will also turn out to be a timely post. What is our TRACK RECORD in CRUDE? In 2016, when crude as 34 USD and Goldman Sachs had given call that crude will touch USD 10, we were the first to talk about buying CRUDE at that level. Since then CRUDE made USD 83 in 2018. It moved up by 144% after our call. In January 2019, we gave a call again at USD 61 and it made 73. In December it was around USD 66 and it has come down to USD 54 now due to CORONAVIRUS. What is our VIEW at this moment? Thanks to CORONAVIRUS, experts are of the opinion that OIL will come down further. So, I dealt with CORONA VIRUS first in last week’s post. As per that post – I have said CHINA will be able to deal with it EFFECTIVELY but at a slow pace. You can read that post. I don’t think this will become a PANDEMIC as SCARMONGERS want us to believe. Going forward, the CORONAVIRUS issue will become manageable and China will start running at its usual speed. This news that CORONAVIRUS is under control, will increase the demand for all commodities. CRUDE is chief amongst them. One will make a good profit if he adds CRDUE in lots between USD 43 to USD 54. You should only buy if he has PATIENCE, buying capacities at all levels and capacities to pay Margin Money to his broker. You must have a HOLDING capacity for 6-9 months. If any of the above factors are missing, don’t buy it. What NEXT? Big money can’t be made with obvious opportunities or what is believed by all players. One needs to have a vision for the coming scenario and guts to execute that vision. From our side, we find out opportunities for die-hard investors in any given situation. 
Fact and fiction about the 2019-nCoV. 	"1、Is it safe to receive a letter or package from China?
Rumors have alleged people receiving packages from China are at risk of contracting the new coronavirus.
The fact is, it's safe to receive packages. Previous analysis has shown coronavirus does not survive long on objects, such as letters or packages.
2、Can pets spread the new coronavirus (2019-nCoV)?
Rumors said companion pets, such as dogs or cats, can be infected with the new coronavirus.
The fact is, at present, there's no evidence companion animals can be infected with the new coronavirus. And it's always a good idea to wash your hands with soap and water after contact with pets. This protects you against common bacteria such as E. coli and salmonella that can pass between pets and humans.
3 、 Do vaccines against pneumonia protect you against the new coronavirus?
Rumors said vaccines against pneumonia can protect people from getting infected with the new coronavirus.
The fact is, vaccines such as the pneumococcal vaccine and the Haemophilus influenza type B (Hib) vaccine do not provide protection against the new coronavirus. The virus is so new and different that it needs its own vaccine. Researchers are trying to develop a vaccine against 2019-nCoV, and the World Health Organization is supporting their efforts.
4 、 Can regularly rinsing your nose with saline help prevent infection with the new coronavirus?
Rumors have alleged regularly rinsing the nose with saline has protected people from the new coronavirus.
The fact is, there is some limited evidence regularly rinsing nose with saline can help people recover more quickly from the common cold. However, regularly rinsing the nose has not been shown to prevent respiratory infection.
5 、 Can gargling mouthwash protect you from infection with the new coronavirus?
Rumors said using mouthwash will protect people from the new coronavirus.
The fact is, some brands or mouthwash can eliminate certain microbes for a few minutes in the saliva in your mouth. However, this does not mean they protect you from 2019-nCoV.
6 、 Can eating garlic help prevent infection with the new coronavirus?
Rumors said eating garlic can protect people from getting infected with the new coronavirus.
The fact is, there is no evidence that eating garlic does help, although garlic is a healthy food that may have some antimicrobial properties.
7 、 Does putting on sesame oil block the new coronavirus from entering the body?
Rumors said putting on sesame can help block the new coronavirus from entering your body.
The fact is, sesame oil does not kill the new coronavirus. There are some chemical disinfectants that can kill the 2019-nCoV on surfaces. These include bleach/chlorine-based disinfectants, solvents, 75% ethanol, peracetic acid and chloroform.However, they have little or no impact on the virus if you put them on the skin or under your nose. It can even be dangerous to put these chemicals on your skin.
8 、 Does the new coronavirus affect older people, or are younger people also susceptible?
Rumors have alleged older people are more susceptible to the new coronavirus.
The fact is, people of all ages can be infected by the new coronavirus. Older people and people with pre-existing medical conditions (such as asthma, diabetes and heart disease) appear to be more vulnerable to becoming severely ill with the virus.WHO advises people of all ages to take steps to protect themselves.
9 、 Are antibiotics effective in preventing and treating the new coronavirus?
Rumors said taking antibiotics can prevent and treat the new coronavirus.
The fact is, antibiotics do not work against viruses, only bacteria. The new coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is a virus, and therefore antibiotics should not be used as a means of prevention or treatment. However, if you are hospitalized for the 2019-nCoV, you may receive antibiotics because bacterial co-infection is possible.
10 、 Are there any specific medicines to prevent or treat the new coronavirus?
Rumors said some medicines can help prevent or treat the new coronavirus.
The fact is, there is no specific medicine recommended to prevent or treat the new coronavirus (2019-nCoV). Some specific treatments are under investigation and will be tested through clinical trials. WHO is helping to accelerate research and development efforts with a range of partners.
Source: WHO"
"""Flu Death Frenzy + Corona Craziness = What?"" says Dr. Harte. "	"CORTE MADERA, Calif., Feb 04, Dr. Don Harte, noted chiropractic activist and former Libertarian State Senate candidate, is ""extremely concerned about unsubstantiated reports of flu deaths, along with lack of public health response to Chinese viral threat.""
Dr. Harte says, ""It seems that our so-called public health officials are deliberately creating fear, and hoping for panic. They are ginning up fears of the flu, combined with a possible corona virus epidemic.
""I am deeply concerned about what others may be relieved about,"" Dr. Harte admits. ""Reports are coming in of corona virus vaccines being rushed to completion and then production, via new technology.""
Dr. Harte declares, ""New technology seems exciting to some, but in Medicine, it's Russian roulette. Who knows the ramifications, both in safety and efficacy, of this totally novel vaccine for a novel virus? The regular vaccines create enough serious health problems.""
""A fascinating, and scary part of this blossoming health problem is that CDC officials are saying, at least for the moment, that influenza, the flu, is a far more serious threat to Americans than the corona virus. What we have here,"" comments Dr. Harte, ""is fear from the corona virus being used, very deliberately, to increase fear of the flu virus, and, thereby, increase sales of the mostly ineffective and definitely risky flu vaccine.""
""Perhaps the most serious issue,"" Dr. Harte notes, ""is the believability of the CDC. It has 'cried wolf' far too many times, and continues to do so. For years, the CDC has claimed that the flu kills 36,000 a year in this country. Last flu season, all of a sudden, they claimed 82,000.""
""We can only know,"" Dr. Harte says, ""what's going on in China and around the world with the new corona virus through news reports. We all know, from personal life experience, that no one we knew ever died from the flu, while everyone we know has had the flu, many several times. Only the already very sick and feeble ever end up in the hospital. Yes, boys and girls, the CDC is lying. Their quasi-statistical trick,"" according to Dr. Harte. ""is combining flu deaths with pneumonia deaths. Take away pneumonia, and you're left with a few hundred deaths a year in a nation of 320 million. The obvious conclusion? Influenza, the flu, is not a dangerous, fatal disease.""
Dr. Harte warns, ""When the corona vaccine comes out, watch out for an all-out fear campaign, from state, federal and international sources. If that vaccine will be as ineffective and dangerous as the flu vaccine, I wouldn't trust it.""
""Finally,"" explains Dr. Harte, ""the best way to avoid the flu, the corona virus, or any infectious disease, is to get healthy. Eat well, exercise, rest appropriately, and get your nervous system free of interference by regular chiropractic care. Your nervous system runs your immune system, so take care of it! The best way to get the flu is to get a flu shot."" Dr. Harte wonders, ""It might work the same way for the coming corona virus vaccine. So why do it?""
Dr. Don Harte, former medical student, is a principled, traditional chiropractor serving Marin and the Greater Bay Area since 1981. He is an activist in the struggle for free speech for chiropractors. Dr. Harte was named 2006 ""Chiropractor of the Year"" by the World Chiropractic Alliance (WCA). He has served on the Boards of the WCA and the Council on Chiropractic Practice. His articles have been published in OMNI magazine, San Francisco Chronicle, Chiropractic Journal and Journal of the California Chiropractic Association.
MEDIA CONTACT
Dr. Harte
o: (415)460-6527
c: (415)847-9678
harteofchiropractic@gmail.com
Learn more about Dr. Harte's practice at: https://www.chirodrharte.com/"
Vaxil Announces the Identification of a Potential Corona Virus Vaccine and Provides an Update in the Previously Announced Debt Financing. 	VAXIL BIO LTD. (“ Vaxil ” or the “ Company ”) (TSX VENTURE: VXL), an innovative immunotherapy biotech company specializing in cancer and infectious diseases, is pleased to announce that it has completed in silico analyses and believes that it has successfully identified a corona virus (COVID-19) vaccine candidate (“ Vaccine Candidate ”). The Vaccine Candidate is based on unique and patent protected signal peptide technology, utilizing Vaxil’s proprietary VaxHit™ bioinformatics platform. The Vaccine Candidate’s design is also based on successful in vivo experiments testing a tuberculosis signal peptide vaccine. “We are very excited to have been able to isolate a preliminary candidate that might address the current and emerging need in such a short time,” said David Goren, Vaxil’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, who went on to say that “we look forward to the next step of identifying resources and partners to solidify the most efficient path forward.” Mr. Goren continued to explain that “we have identified signal peptide combinations which we believe can be effective as a prophylactic vaccine against the current corona virus and might also demonstrate therapeutic value in the future.” Vaxil plans to initiate non-GMP manufacturing followed by testing as we explore partnerships and other possibilities. Vaxil also wishes to announce that it anticipates that the private placement previously announced on January 20, 2020, pursuant to which the Company will be issuing convertible debentures with a face value of $1,000 and bearing an annual interest rate of 10% for gross proceeds of up to $200,000 will close on or around February 28, 2020. ABOUT VAXIL Vaxil is an Israeli immunotherapy biotech company focused on its novel approach to targeting prominent cancer markers and infectious diseases. Its lead product ImMucin™ successfully completed a Phase 1/2 clinical trial in multiple myeloma and received orphan drug status from the FDA and EMA. The company continues to develop ImMucin™ and is also developing a tuberculosis vaccine / treatment that has demonstrated promising preliminary results with further preclinical evaluation underway at a top US academic and research institution. Additional indications and mAb candidates are under evaluation as immuno-oncology and infectious disease treatments alone and in combination with other treatments. Vaxil exploits the unique properties of signal peptide domains on crucial proteins to develop targeted therapies against cancer targets and infectious disease pathogens. These signal peptide domains are identified by VaxHit™, Vaxil’s proprietary bioinformatic approach. These SPs induce a robust T- and B-cell response across wide and varied HLA subtypes, while acting as true, universal neoantigens. The peptide platform targets these cells by “educating” or specifically activating the immune system to recognize and attack the affected cells. In addition, Vaxil’s mAb platform directly recognizes the target protein expressed on malignant cells and recruits other elements of the immune system to lyse those cells. Disclaimer: The TSX Venture Exchange Inc. has in no way passed upon the merits of the Company has neither approved nor disapproved the contents of this press release. Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. This news release contains forward-looking information, which involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual events to differ materially from current expectation. Important factors -- including the availability of funds, the results of financing efforts, the results of exploration activities -- that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company's expectations are disclosed in the Company's documents filed from time to time on SEDAR (see www.sedar.com ). Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. The company disclaims any intention or obligation, except to the extent required by law, to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to sell any of the securities described herein in the United States or elsewhere. These securities have not been, and will not be, registered in the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any state securities laws, and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless registered or exempt therefrom. CONTACT INFORMATIONFor further information please visit www.vxlbio.com or contact: David Goren, CEO -- david@vxlbio.com 
Liquidity Corona Virus Bitcoin and Solar Cycles. 	" Before we get into the high octane fueled equity rally, we want to touch on the headline of the day, coming out of Hubei.gov and which we can sum up with this graphic right here:
 We certainly aren't surprised as our sources have been telling us for weeks to be on the lookout for the second wave and that the veracity by which Covid-19 operates is still yet to be quantified, but we are learning quickly. Our sources have also pointed out to us the ""gain of function"" attribute that this thing incorporates. If you don't know what gain of function is then you better read up, in fact the US government put a halt on federal funding related to gain of function studies out of concern in 2013. Back in 2013 Francis Collins the NIH director issued a statement sighting ""These studies, however, also entail bio-safety and bio-security risks, which need to be understood better.” Mind you this was 7 years ago, how many bio-defense and NGOs around the world took that advice, our guess, not many and today we might just be reaping those unfortunate rewards! Link to this quote and scientific article is Here
 So, with this in mind, we also saw this week Miles Kwok the exiled Chinese Billionaire with his usual highly critical demeanor toward his home country: Here
 Ok so now that Corona is no longer a black swan and we are certain all the text reading algo bots out there have firmly placed their bets, let's look at our favorite liquidity metric as of today from the NYFED as repo is firmly above $2 Trillion for 2020 and as this graphic shows the FEDs propensity to call quasi permanent operations ""temporary"" but as all our astute readers know, if you keep rerolling your bets, well then they are only temporary when you cash in the chips and if you never cash in the chips, well then the game still goes on. That is exactly what is going on in Repo land as every 2-week operation is firmly re-rolled for another 2 weeks giving those levered high powered 10x RV funds plenty of ammo to sell index cash and futures and buy the #MAGA stocks. (Microsoft, Apple, Google and Amazon): What is interesting is that we are starting to see the demand for repo outstrip the FEDs mandated amounts of acceptance, which gives us a little ammo to say, the FED may not be doing enough for these balance sheet starved levered risk players. As this next picture points out, the last 2-week operation was oversubscribed by $23.65 billion:
 So when investors ask us how equity markets continue to defy gravity, well we simply say because the FED is adding liquidity, discounting current dollars and thus all the smart players are rushing into real assets like tech, real value like Gold and Bitcoin and will continue to realize the FED can never raise rates and thus long US Treasury Bonds. It is really that simple and when we look at this next pic of the FED balance sheet, the log line tells us the FED is behind the curve and will continue to expand the balance sheet upwards of $5 trillion, sooner rather than later:
 HEDGEYE posted this most excellent cartoon and its a must share:
 Speaking of Bitcoin here are a few graphics to highlight yet again the power of mathematics and the technology underpinning the power of Bitcoin as well as a few charts from CME Group exhibiting the growth by which its futures contract has grown. All of this is bullish news for Bitcoin HODLers and we continue to like the space and its potential: These next two charts show the complete drubbing the Russell 2k Index Futures have had vs their Nasdaq and SP500 Index counterparts. We like valuing futures this way and it clearly shows how bad the Russell continues to get pounded:
 Finally, we are posting this chart for all our climate worrying friends. We have been listening to this disinformation narrative push for quite some time and the fact that central bankers are also getting involved means this narrative isn't going anywhere. Anyway, we understand climate better than most and we are realists when it comes to what and who actually controls our weather. Hint it’s not man! Rather our realm is subject to an onslaught of cosmic rays and natural cycles by which man has zero input and zero say in. We would also like to point out that none of the climate alarmists ever talk about pollution the real bully on the block of bad human endeavors, but we know why. India and China are the leaders in that pack yet the globalists want us to believe that taxing carbon is going to solve this, going ""Green"" is going to solve this. What the hell is green anyway? You think that Tesla Lithium batteries are green? You ever extract minerals? You ever mine? You know what kind of resources that takes into account, please spare us the virtue signaling, it’s appalling. Anyway, the world is done with the Hollywood, MSM garbage pitch from the high tower, they know it and we know it and its why Trump will landslide this year. Anyway, that's a topic for another time. Rather we want to focus not on the economic cycle here, but the upcoming Solar Cycle and if any of you think it comes with global warming, then by damned be fooled, but go get your Canada Goose now, for the next 50 years variability and ice are assuredly the rulers of the day and I have to thank NASA for these charts, we are quite critical of them generally, but this data, we actually can confirm from multiple unique sources, so we will give them credit where credit is due: OK, that does it, be mindful of the liquidity and if you are lazy and don't want to check, or if you don't have the time, then check us out on LinkedIn, I generally post it there and other items of note. Stay humble, stay active and stay in your lane, if things don't make sense, don't worry, they don't it’s an upside-down world and we are here to turn it right side up for you!
"
Corona Virus Causes Global Outbreak of Racism. 	Is all this hysteria a test to see how far people will allow authoritarianism under the threat of the common cold. Work in progress. new links added. Most recent links at top of page. “When Western health care experts say that this sort of lockdown won’t work, they basically mean it’s never been tried on this scale with this kind of uber-efficient government.” “Considering the underlying distrust, it’s hard for the government to say what many epidemiologists are saying: This outbreak is serious but not catastrophic. Because if the state leveled with the people, it would also have to admit that there is no need for this degree of social control. Fewer than 200 people were reported to have died as of Thursday evening, in a country of nearly 1.4 billion, and there is no indication that we are at the start of a Hollywood disaster-style movie.” https://www.nytimes.com/2020/01/30/opinion/coronavirus-china-epidemic.html “Public-health experts say that for the most part, panic over the Wuhan coronavirus outside of China is unproductive and unwarranted. The public should take precautions to avoid getting sick, but the most effective preventative measures are everyday actions like increased handwashing and not touching your face.” The Wuhan coronavirus seems to have a low fatality rate, and most patients make full recoveries. Experts reveal why it’s causing panic anyway.” Coronavirus has sparked racist attacks on Asians in Australia — including me https://www.abc.net.au/news/2020-02-01/coronavirus-has-sparked-racist-attacks-on-asian-australians/11918962 ‘Coronavirus has sparked racist attacks on Asians in Australia — including me
On the Origins of the 2019-NCoV Virus, Wuhan, China. 	"RECOMBINATION technology has been in use in molecular virology since the 1980’s. The structure of the 2019-NCoV virus genome provides a very strong clue on the likely origin of the virus.
Unlike other related coronaviruses, the 2019-nCoV virus has a unique sequence about 1,378 bp (nucleotide base pairs) long that is not found in related coronaviruses.
Looking at the phylogenetic tree recently published derived using all the full genome sequence, we see the 2019-nCoV virus does not have clear monophyletic support given the bootstrap value of 75 (Fig 1). Close-up on Bootstrap value of 75 for available 2019-nCoV from Lu et al., 2020 The Lancet article [ Full Text ]
There is no doubt that there is a novel sequence in 2019-nCoV; we confirmed this via sequence alignment. Here’s the DOT plot:
The gap in the line shows a lack of sequence homology beween the most similar bat coronavirus and 2019-nCoV. The inserted sequence, which should not be there is here: inserted-portion Download
A database search by the first team to study and publish the whole genome sequence for the origins of the inserted sequence turned up no hits (Ji et al., 2020). They conducted a codon-bias analysis which led them to speculate that perhaps there had been a recombination event between a coronavirus in snakes with a coronavirus from bats (Ji et al., 2020). [ Full Text ]
This led to criticism on Wired(3) with quote dismissing the snake origin hypothesis as lacking evidence. There is, however, clear evidence that the novel sequence, which I will refer to henceforth as INS1378, is from a laboratory-induced recombination event. Specifically,
(1) The sequence similarity to other coronavirus sequences is lower to its most similar sequences in any coronavirus than the rest of the genome (IPAK finding)
(2) The high sequence similarity of INS1378 to a SARS spike protein (2; IPAK Confirmed) .
(3) We also found significant sequence similarity of INS1378 to a pShuttle-SN vector that was in use in the 1980’s in China to create a more immunogenic coronavirus (IPAK finding, details below, Option 4).
Here, I review four Option on the origins of the 2019-nCoV Coronavirus isolated from human patients from Wuhan, China. Option 1. Natural coronavirus related to bat coronaviruses, Not a Recombined Virus .
Evidence for: Phylogenetic clustering with Bat coronaviruses.
Evidence against: Low bootstrap support (N=75) and presence of a INS1378.
Status: Falsified hypothesis.
Test: Survey coronviruses in animals in the wild. Option 2. A recombined virus that naturally picked up a SARS-like spike protein in it N-terminus (3′ end) of the viral genome.
Evidence for: The INS1378 codon bias similar to snakes ($)
Evidence against: Insufficient match in database search to other known CoV spike proteins (Ji et al., 2020)
Status: Speculative hypothesis. Unlikely.
Test: Find an isolate that matches 2019-nCoV in the wild and reproducibly independently isolate the virus from a wild animal (a match will confirm). Option 3. A recombined virus made in a laboratory for the purpose of creating a bioweapon.
Both China and the US hinted at the other side’s potential liability in playing a role in bringing about a novel coronavirus in the lab specifically for the purpose of being used as a bioweapon. To add to the intrigue, a Chinese Scientist was released from BSL-4 laboratory in Manitoba, Canada for violating protocols, allegedly sending samples of deadly viruses to mainland China.
On January 26, The Washington Times published this article citing an Israeli defense expert claiming that China has likely proceeded with a bioweapons program, but ending the article with a quote to London’s Daily Mail from a US scientist Rutgers University microbiologist Richard Ebright that “at this point there’s no reason to harbor suspicions” that the lab may be linked to the virus outbreak.
The same person was quoted in a Feb 2017 Nature article stating that SARS had escaped the Wuhan a facility in Beijing (corrected 2/2/2020) “multiple times”.
Evidence for: Presence of BSL-4 laboratory 20 miles from the Wuhan seafood market
Evidence against: Published opinion.
Status: Rumor. But see below. Option 4. A recombined virus made in a laboratory for the purpose of creating a vaccine.
IPAK researchers found a sequence similarity between a pShuttle-SN recombination vector sequence and INS1378. Here’s a shot of the alignment and the DOT Plot.
Here’s the nucleotide sequence at NCBI’s Nucleotide database . Here’s a patent for its use in recombination virology.
The pShuttle-SN vector was among many described in a 1998 paper by Bert Vogelstein et al; here is a company where one can purchase the pShuttle-SN vector: {CORRECTION: THE P-SHUTTLE VECTOR PLASMID WAS DESCRIBED BY VOGELSTEIN ET AL; THE PSHUTTLE-SN VERSION IS WAS PUBLISHED IN 2005 AS CITED AT THE ADDGENE PAGE; THE RECOMBINED ADENOVIRUS PATENT LINK CITES P-SHUTTLE-SN AS WEL IN USE FOR INSERTING SARS SPIKE PROTEINS INTO OTHER ORGS }
It turns out that the sequence from pShuttle is most closely related to the Spike protein from SARS coronavirus.
This particular technology was used in 2008 to attempt to develop a more immunogenic vaccine against coronavirus. Here’s a Chinese patent for that technique and product intended for use in a vaccine .
The patent summary reads:
SARS vaccine of adenovirus vector and preparation method, application of coronavirus S gene Abstract(translated from Chinese) The present invention belongs to the field of genetic engineering, particularly relates to adenoviral vector SARS vaccines, their preparation and coronavirus S genes in SARS (SARS) on vaccines for the prophylaxis. By means of biological engineering, the coronavirus S gene in combination with deficient recombinant adenovirus, the protective immunogen protein or polypeptide expressed therein, through expansion culture, purification, and formulation to prepare a mucosal immunogenicity can cause the gene vaccine, respiratory mucosal immune response induced by the body to produce antibodies against the virus infection. Specific conditions of the present invention, compared with conventional inactivated virus particle vaccine, safe, easy to use, without limitation intramuscular, have broad clinical applications.
In 2015, The US called for an end to research creating new viruses in the lab that have increased threat (higher transmissibility, higher pathogenicity, higher lethalithy) (3)
The very researchers conducting studies on SARS vaccines have cautioned repeatedly against human trials;
“An early concern for application of a SARS-CoV vaccine was the experience with other coronavirus infections which induced enhanced disease and immunopathology in animals when challenged with infectious virus [31], a concern reinforced by the report that animals given an alum adjuvanted SARS vaccine and subsequently challenged with SARS-CoV exhibited an immunopathologic lung reaction reminiscent of that described for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) in infants and in animal models given RSV vaccine and challenged naturally (infants) or artificially (animals) with RSV [32], [33]. We and others described a similar immunopathologic reaction in mice vaccinated with a SARS-CoV vaccine and subsequently challenged with SARS-CoV [18], [20], [21], [28]. It has been proposed that the nucleocapsid protein of SARS-CoV is the antigen to which the immunopathologic reaction is directed [18], [21]. Thus, concern for proceeding to humans with candidate SARS-CoV vaccines emerged from these various observations.” – Tseng et al.,
The disease progression in of 2019-nCoV is consistent with those seen in animals and humans vaccinated against SARS and then challenged with re-infection. Thus, the hypothesis that 2019-nCoV is an experimental vaccine type must be seriously considered.
Evidence for: Sequence homology between INS1378 to pShuttle Coronavirus vaccine; presence of a SARS-like Spike protein in bat coronavirus, otherwise most similar to bat coronaviruses; low bootstrap value.
Evidence against: Low sequence homology (but highly signifiant). NB these viruses are RNA viruses and they can evolve quickly, even under laboratory conditions.
Status: Most likely.
Test: Determine the nucleotide sequence all laboratory types of coronavirus being studied in China (a match will confirm). Find an isolate that matches 2019-nCoV in the wild and reproducibly independently isolate the virus from a wild animal (a match will falsify).
The available evidence most strongly supports that the 2019-NCoV virus is a vaccine strain of coronavirus either accidentally released from a laboratory accident, perhaps a laboratory researcher becoming infected with the virus while conducting animal experiments, or the Chinese were performing clinical studies of a Coronavirus vaccine in humans.
Dr. Dale Brown brought to my attention the studies that have reported serious immunopathology in animals – rats, ferrets, and monkeys – in which animals vaccinated against coronoviruses tended to have extremely high rates of respiratory failure upon subsequent exposure in the study when challenged with the wild-type coronavirus. “Caution in proceeding to application of a SARS-CoV vaccine in humans is indicated”- Te et al., 2012 [ Full Text ]
Yasui et al., (2012) reported severe pneumonia in mice who were vaccinated against SARS who were subsequently infected with SARS.
Another study of a double-inactived SARS vaccine found increased eosinophilic proinflammatory responses in vaccinated mice, especially older mice, writing:
“Importantly, aged animals displayed increased eosinophilic immune pathology in the lungs and were not protected against significant virus replication.”
If the Chinese government has been conducting human trials against SARS. MERS, or other coronviruses using recombined viruses, they may have made their citizens far more susceptible to acute respiratory distress syndrome upon infection with 2019-nCoV coronavirus.
The implications are clear: if China sensitized their population via a SARS vaccine, and this escaped from a lab, the rest of world has a serious humanitarian urgency to help China, but may not expect as serious an epidemic as might otherwise be expected.
In the worst-case scenario, if the vaccination strain is more highly contagious and lethal, 2019-nCoV could become the worst example of vaccine-derived contagious disease in human history. With an uncharacteristic aysmptomatic prodromal period of 5-7 days, individuals returning from China to other countries must be forthright and cooperative in their now-prescribed 2-week quarantine.
RELATED: Moderately Strong Confirmation of a Laboratory Origin of 2019-nCoV"
Mystery of Corona virus.. 	"When i read that several pilots and crew and doctors who had flown to Wuhan in China to bring back Indians stranded there , had all volunteered to undertake this flight fraught with tremendous risk of themselves contracting this deadly virus , i felt touched at their courage and humane feelings .I hope that have come out safe and sound .They need to be felicitated.
On seeing the news that China was pumping a trillion or more dollars to push up their economy which is said to have suffered a lot due to lock downs is several of their cities i instantly wondered whether this sudden attack by a deadly virus was a deliberate biological warfare or attack on China so as to wreck its economy.
There are lot of countries and people who are envious of China's stupendous development over the years .I am one such person When ever i compare India with China's glittering cities , roads , and GDP i start feeling jealous of China .We are both very ancient civilizations yet they are some where up there whilst we are struggling up the ladder. I couldn't bear my envy though tinged with admiration when i read that a 10000 bed capacity hospital was built in just 10 days ! of course by making 7000 people work for it .Would we erect such facilities so quickly in a emergency situation thus?Thankfully such a situation hasn't risen so i have no need to speculate and i hope that it never arises.
If i am taken as a sample of what a majority Indians feel then won't a finger be pointed at us for sabotaging Chinese economy by releasing a lab manufactured virus in their midst and watch the wreckage with glee.Who knows , we may have the capacity to create such virulent strains of corona virus but i doubt whether we have the heart or the petty mindedness or cunningness or the sly guts to trifle with such a powerful neighbour . .But there are countries that are more powerful than China what if one of them had done it ?
When i was thinking on these lines the Russian President [ex KGB]came out with his observation that it is US which has done some mischief.I had this doubt myself not because i have a Communist streak in me which holds US responsible for all strife's in the world, but because for several years now i find myself in midst of foreign spies,Indian spies and defence intelligence and sly and devious persons and in all probability this constant touch with them has rubbed off on me, leaving me with some of their suspicious thinking as well . i like and feel grateful towards Russia for always standing by India in all its crisis over the decades and donot like the European countries or US poking thier nose in our internal affairs but in all other aspects i have no grouses against US and Europe .
Other wise i would blame the revolting Chinese food habits like eating snakes , bats and everything that moves ..
I have few other theories as well --
1.Maybe a disgruntled person or persons in China would have released the virus to settle scores with the establishment .
2.Maybe Muslim countries that can develop this virus has released it in China as punishment for locking up Chinese Muslims in camps so as to de radicalise them .
3. It could also be the handiwork of non state actors ,the saviours of persecuted Muslims all over the world to lock down China with biological weapons.
4.Even Tibetians have their angst at Chinese ,but poor souls they definetly donot have the resources to develop such weapons.
5.Maybe the sheer envy of millions all over the world over China's break neck development has made China stumble and has made it to pause on its tracks. "
Column: The Corona Virus … 1918 all over again?. 	"Clusters of a dozen or so deaths may get nonstop “if-it-bleeds-it-leads” press coverage. But the lack of preparedness for the really, really big threats may be met with virtual radio silence … until panic breaks out.
The worst, possibly existential, threat is the stealthy, invisible one that multiplies exponentially — in the accurate sense of the term: 400 cases today, 800 tomorrow, then 1600, 3200, 6400, 128000, 256000, 512000, and 1.024 million after only eight doubling times. Biological threats proliferate — until they run out of susceptible victims.
In 1918, the great influenza pandemic killed as many people in 11 months as the medieval Black Death did in four years. Ultimately, at least 50 million may have perished. Young healthy people, especially young soldiers headed off to the front in World War I, succumbed quickly. To avoid interfering with the war effort, the U.S. government denied and covered up the threat, preventing the implementation of public health measures.
Since then, the world has gotten smaller. A virus that jumps the species barrier from animals to humans in a meat market in China can cross the Pacific in hours. And despite the expenditure of $80 billion on a National Biologic Defense, the U.S. is arguably no better prepared than it was in 1918, state Steven Hatfill, M.D., and coauthors in their new book Three Seconds until Midnight.
As in 1918, we lack a vaccine or wonder drugs, but must rely on non-pharmaceutical interventions (NPI), and on public health authorities to track and try to contain the spread of infection.
Accurate information is critical. Can we trust governmental authorities to tell the truth? Travel restrictions, quarantine, closing businesses, and cancelling public events have a huge economic and potential political cost.
There can also be incentives to exaggerate the threat, in order to sell poorly tested vaccines or drugs. The 1976 swine flu epidemic was almost a non-event; more people were probably injured or even died from adverse effects of the heavily promoted vaccine.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has so far declined to declare the corona virus outbreak a global emergency, although cases have been reported in more than a dozen or so countries. China reported only hundreds of “confirmed” cases, while countless additional cases were not tested because of lack of diagnostic test kits.
The New England Journal of Medicine writes, “Another Decade, Another Coronavirus.” This 2019-nCoV virus is the third zoonotic (animal) coronavirus to infect humans in two decades. The SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) and MERS (Middle East respiratory syndrome) were contained. Other coronaviruses cause mild cold-like syndromes.
This virus has occasioned the quarantine of entire cities, for the first time since medieval times. This could not be done other than in authoritarian China, states virologist Steven Hatfill, but even there is unlikely to be effective, especially if 5 million people had left before the order was implemented.
The People’s Liberation Army has sent 450 medical personnel to Wuhan to help out at local hospitals, which are crammed with patients lying in packed corridors. Construction workers are reportedly trying to build a 1,000-bed hospital in Wuhan in five days. The U.S. and other nations are evacuating their citizens from Wuhan.
A report of 41 hospitalized patients in Wuhan, published in The Lancet, showed that patients were relatively young (median age 49) and fewer than half had an underlying illness. Only 66% had been exposed to the Huanan seafood market, the apparent source of the infection. One patient (2%) had no fever; all had pneumonia; 29% had severe respiratory distress syndrome; and 12% had acute cardiac injury. Most cases may be very mild, facilitating more rapid spread.
The corona virus is transmitted by droplets coming into contact with mucous membranes, including the eye. It can persist on surfaces for days. People without fever or symptoms can transmit the illness during the incubation period, which might be as long as two weeks. At present, definitive diagnostic testing is available only from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
In a severe outbreak, people whose job is not critical may need to stay home. Those who do not have a supply of food, essential medications, or other needed supplies would likely end up in a frantic crowd. Personal protective gear, for people who need to be in contact with the public or care for a sick family member, is already out of stock in medical supply houses. This includes gloves, wrap-around eye protection, and N-95 protective masks, regular surgical masks are probably of little help.
Panic is never helpful; staying calm is always good advice. But failure to heed previous warnings of the need for robust disaster planning, and complacency about medical technology and governmental resources, has set the stage for potential unprecedented disaster.
Individuals need to recognize that they themselves, and not 911 or the emergency room or the Federal Emergency Management Agency, may hold the key to their family’s and their community’s survival. Local authorities need to know that they may be on their own.
For now, stock up on supplies; cover those coughs and sneezes; wash hands frequently for at least 20 seconds; avoid crowds; and stay aware, as the situation could change rapidly. https://www.galioninquirer.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/38/2020/02/web1_JaneM.OrientM.D.jpg
Jane M. Orient, M.D. has been in solo private practice since 1981 and has served as Executive Director of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons (AAPS) since 1989. She is currently president of Doctors for Disaster Preparedness and managing editor of the Journal of American Physicians and Surgeons."
Is China suppressing the corona virus infections!. 	"China is facing accusations from the world community of suppressing and playing down the coronavirus outbreak and the scale of infections which some reports say now I as high as 90,000 while the official Beijing figure is just 1,975.
International media reports have said cited a nurse treating coronavirus sufferers in China who claims 90,000 people have already been infected.
A nurse wearing a protective suit and face mask treating the sick in Wuhan has claimed that 90,000 people have already been infected by the coronavirus. However, the nurse&apos;s report has been viewed almost two million times on YouTube. In the footage, she warns people not to go outside and to refrain from celebrating the Chinese New Year.
The animal virus epidemic originated in China, where it has infected more than 1,970 people and killed 56, and has spread worldwide.
International critics are saying that the China is censoring the numbers and sanitising videos from the internet. China&apos;s President Xi Jinping has already warned of &apos;grave situation&apos; as killer coronavirus accelerates.
American cities are on high alert as two coronavirus cases are confirmed in Chicago and Washington while 1,000 Americans have been told to evacuate Ground Zero in Wuhan.
Canadian authorities on Saturday confirmed the first case of coronavirus - a man in his 50s from Toronto.
The countries which have reported these cases include Singapore, Malaysaia, South Korea, Japan, Vietnam, Australia, Nepal, France, Canada, the US, Thailand, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau.
But the Global Times revealed that vital resources, including masks and goggles, were urgently needed. The accusations of a cover-up echo the furore surrounding the SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) epidemic in 2002 when the government concealed the existence of the illness not just from the outside world but from its own people.
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam on Saturday declared a virus emergency in the city of 7.3 million, extending school cancellations until February 17 and cancelling all official visits to mainland China.
China has quarantined three cities in an effort to contain the spread of the coronavirus - encompassing a total population of some 35 million people.
Other reports say several cities are under lockdown with a combined population of 47 million including Wuhan, Huanggang, Ezhou, Chibi, Jingzhou, Zhijiang, Qianjiang, Xiantao, Xianning, Huangshi, Dangyang, Enshi, Xiaogan. Jingmen and Shantou.
Reports say that Wuhan continues to be under complete lockdown. Police have been stationed at the borders of Wuhan to block the roads preventing any sort of movement into the quarantined city. The city&apos;s pharmacies have been swamped by people wanting to stock up on medicines."
Stop Associating Bitcoin Price Surge to the Corona Virus – BlockPublisher. 	"“Whole world must be ready to deal with corona virus”, World Health Organization (WHO) warned and urged countries to make arrangements to detect and treat the sick. The corona virus plague is becoming click-bait for all content creators, so much so that even some of the top tier media outlets published stories, associating bitcoin (btc) recent price surge to the plague.
Associating bitcoin to the epidemic is ridiculously insensitive and nullify the crypto asset’s price determining factors. There are two sides to this claim that I’ll put in front of the audience with facts and figures and some events occurred in the recent past that are necessary to take in. Corona Virus is Good for Bitcoin.. Really? Is a statement that we all started to hear a lot recently, so let me first put facts associated to this claim before jumping to the crypto assets price controlling factors. Among some other countries, it is true that China is also considered a ‘crypto hub’ despite bitcoin ban, which means that it is officially illegal to mine or trade in bitcoin within China.
Those who lay claim to this notion believe that as soon as the virus outbreak news came out, many Chinese including wealthy ones bought bitcoin from their liquid asset (cash/stocks) and got out of China, since it is difficult to get out of a country with significant amount of cash or gold.
The first thing anyone would’ve gone through by taking this step is the hassle of buying bitcoin, which for the first timers is not at all easy, given the short period of time in between from mere virus outbreak news to an international emergency. Bitcoin Not Seen Mass Adoption Yet
The crypto asset still hasn’t seen adoption to the extent that moments of global crisis and geopolitical turmoil affect its price. Bitcoin’s adoption is slow but definitely increasing over time and to back this claim, the total number of crypto wallets has not experienced any spike during the recent crisis, as shown in the graph from an extremely credible source.
Bitcoin is still not considered as a ‘Safe Haven’ for investors due to its extremely volatile price. One of the leading analyst of the cryptoverse and founder of Quantum Economics , Mati Greespan also believe that bitcoin has some miles to go in terms to be considered as a safe investment asset and said;
“There does seem to be a lingering sensation that bitcoin may be transitioning into a traditional safe haven asset, it doesn’t seem like it’s quite there just yet, but there are clear indications that it’s at least moving in this direction.” No Relation Between Recent Bitcoin Price Surge to the Epidemic
Now first let us talk about the chain of events leading to the recent bitcoin price surge. Wuhan was placed under quarantine on 23 January 2020. The virus was first detected in the Chinese city of Wuhan in December 2019 and at that time bitcoin price was fluctuating between $7,100 to $8,000, which is normal if we are looking at the crypto market.
Bitcoin is currently trading around $9,400, about the same as it was in November 2019. Since Wuhan outbreak, the asset has gained 10% in value, but it was already expected to reach current levels by leading analysts due to btc’s price affecting factors. But what are bitcoin’s price affecting factors, and in what ways do they affects the crypto asset? Is something everyone should consider first. Bitcoin Price Affecting Factors
Bitcoin is not issued by a central bank or backed by a government, unlike traditional currencies the monetary policy, inflation and economic growth measurements are very different when it comes to the crypto, since it is decentralized digital currency and is maintained by a network of equally privileged miners.
It is a fact that when bitcoin price soars the rest of cryptocurrencies follow, a trend widely known not just among crypto folks but everyone as Ethereum (ether), ripple (XRP) and the rest experienced considerable gains since the start of the outbreak.
The following factors affects bitcoin’s price and they are; Demand and supply of Bitcoin Cost of mining one Bitcoin Number of competing cryptocurrencies Exchanges it trades on Media influence
There will only be 21 million bitcoin, a fact that is known since the inception of the crypto. Every year, new coins are being released at a slower rate, which means that the growth rate has decreased from 9.8% (2015), to 6.9% (2016), to 4.3% (2017). Since bitcoin supply is getting reduced and there is an increase in its demand, the value of bitcoin is widely considered to increase.
Bitcoin mining involves a complicated procedure of solving cryptographic math problems that all btc miners compete to solve in order to get reward in btc. When more miners join competition of solving the problem first, the problem gets more difficult and thus more expensive. By expensive it means that will require more powerful hardware which is costly in the first place and consumes more electricity.
Bitcoin’s hash rate is the number of guesses a miner can make at a cryptographic hash every second. If a system correctly guess the hash of a block a mining unit adds that block to the blockchain and the miner receives a reward for their work. This include both, the transaction fee and a fixed amount of new bitcoin unlocked with every block.
On 30th January, bitcoin’s hash rate hit new all-time high and the collective computing power supporting the network stood at more than 123,011,832 terahashes per second, as can be seen from the graph. This is one of the fundamental affecting bitcoin’s price.
Bitcoin operates on a different plane , unlike traditional stocks and have different fundamentals and factors that affect its price. Bitcoin’s price remains extremely volatile, the very reason it hasn’t seen much institutional investment nor mass adoption to the extent that moments of global crisis and geopolitical turmoil affect its price."
Corona virus cured. 	"Cancer Cure explores a perspective and revolutionary new treatment for cancer: high-intensity ultrasound, a noninvasive but promising new treatment that is being studied as a way to treat all cancers and could even cure in just one application. Author Dr. Jon Thomason shares research from the Moffitt Cancer Center, which pioneered research into this application of ultrasound, and he explains both how ultrasound works and how, more importantly, it can be used to as a treatment for cancer. Chemotherapy and surgery are not the only options for patients suffering from cancer. Ultrasound is a promising new alternative that could offer a noninvasive treatment without the debilitating side-effects of radiation and surgery. Certificate of registration The US library of congress has just registered 'Ultrasound – Cheap Home Cure To All Cancers' TX 8-659-428 www.aljazeera.com › news › 2020/01 › cloneofchina-battles-coronavi... China battles coronavirus outbreak: All the latest ... - Al Jazeera 19 hours ago - Coronavirus outbreak has killed 106 people in China and infected over 4520 globally, most of them in the Asian country.All viruses are forced to divide a multiplier in a single cell fashion. Cancer uses the same viral type division.2002 3 medical professors at the Moffitt cancer centre, published the single application of High Intensity UltraSound external to the cancer, there totally clearing the council cell type from the body and brain.The a HIUS sets off molecular nuclear fusion, in the pressurised viral cells. Regular body cells are unaffected by HIUS until we reach 180 W 40 kHz. 1H2O+P+HIUS->He+O+E2+X-rayMy PH D supervisor at Sheffield University, told me that ultrasound applied to liquid water, caused nearly instantaneous boiling of the water! And formation of microw bubbles. Which transpired to be helium and oxygen bubbles. 2H2O+US->He2++O++3e-+E2+X-rayI started working on this idea, I went off for the weekend to my girlfriend who lived in Bury 180 miles away. I had written a paper on the Internet, two years in high power ultrasound might be useful treatment for cancer.Sheffield thought they were releasing me to do a medical Ph.D. at Cambridge. Cambridge University never offered!2002 the Moffitt cancer centre published the use a one session of HIUS to totally clear prostate cancer. E.g.8W 1MHz ultrasound for 1 minute. 1"" above a man's penis totally clears prostate cancer. Image result for location of prostate gland in human bodywww.pcf.org The prostate is a walnut-sized gland located between the bladder and the penis. The prostate is just in front of the rectum. The urethra runs through the center of the prostate, from the bladder to the penis, letting urine flow out of the body. The prostate secretes fluid that nourishes and protects sperm.8 Aug 2018No Dr. or drugs required. HIUS was covered in all medical magazines, included Nature Immunology. Polly Celine Eveline Matzinger is an immunologist who proposed the danger model theory of ... The nickname was given to the lab by her colleagues when Matzinger first arrived at the NIH because she spent ... In a 2013 article in Nature Immunology, Matzinger makes a case for what she now views as the most important ...I first got interested in the area of making danger cancer cell types blopgger dangerous to body, through the work of Polly Matzinger. HIUS makes viral and cancer cells boil and pop, and look dangerous to the immune system and! That then makes an clears the dangerous cell type throughout the body and brain.A suitable HIUS device costs under 20 UK pounds. And applied externally to where it hurts, will clear all types of cancer. All 200 varieties.I wrote this idea up 2008 and in 2012 I heard from a guy who was HIV+ in New York. He bought and used his own HIUS device. The next week his GP discharged him from all AIDs medicine.So from 2012 no drug company was allowed to manufacture and sell AIDs medication. So amino acid blockers, and less effective anti retroviral treatments both criminal medicine since before they were applied to AIDs.No registered Dr. has been legally allowed to prescribe any eight medication for eight years. Or the same day are struck off for life! Subsequent medical practice all medical malpractice.The manufacturing drug company is also are totally removed from medicine. Although drug patents void. The law firms that have defended the biochemical patents for last eight years, struck off the legal register!All nurses who have assisted or cancer drug delivery for last 18 years, struck off the nurses medical register the first day they helped a minister defective medicine like cancer drugs.Every NHS nurse has helped with such criminal medicine! So each and every Dr. and nurse within the NHS, the struck off up to 18 years ago!Patience get the return of all medical fees from their struck off medical team and family is get 10,000,000 UK pounds for each family member medicated to death.Each involved Dr. Gets 25 years custodial jail in high security jail. The jail time appropriate for the struck off nurses, is a matter for the lawyers! Every dispensing pharmacist read the Moffitt Paper. And so realized cancer drugs were criminal medicine. And could not be legally dispensed for 18 years.Or each and every dispensing pharmacist struck off! Barred from Medical Service for life.Every infective bacteria, is given a minimal cell wall by the immune system -mistaking them for useful empathic bacterial. The bacteria and causes the cells to be inflated. So they can divide a multiply.½ minute of HIUS to each side the chest totally clears all bacterial infections. Fungal antibiotic medicine has been medical malpractice for 18 years.Viruses handle their own cell division. But again require viral infected cells to have and overinflated nature, to induce cell replication.This includes Corona. The present in a cent viral infection in China. Again ½ minute of HIUS to each side the chest will totally clear everybody of a virus.Each of the 175 people who had died from Corona, warrants a payout of 90 million Renimbe. As every Dr. has the validated HIUS years in the nursing office. To validate the cancer cure 2002.Not to have validated HIUS after the Moffitt Paper, was to strike the Dr. off the medical register instantly. The Moffitt Paper also covered the cure of all viruses.So Corona virus can be totally cured in 1 minute. It is such a trivial problem! The next academic will be an outbreak of an antibiotic resistant bacterial infection.Which can be cured instantly by 1 minute of HIUS to the chest! All infective disease has been cured.Which stops the formation of cancers, heart disease, diabetes and mental health issues. The total profits of Health Systems around the world. The other medicines lose money!All prescribing doctors struck off 18 years ago. Along with every drug company on earth."
The Corona Virus – 1918 All Over Again?. 	"Clusters of a dozen or so deaths may get nonstop “if-it-bleeds-it-leads” press coverage. But the lack of preparedness for the really, really big threats may be met with virtual radio silence—until panic breaks out.
The worst, possibly existential, threat is the stealthy, invisible one that multiplies exponentially—in the accurate sense of the term: 400 cases today, 800 tomorrow, then 1600, 3200, 6400, 128000, 256000, 512000, and 1.024 million after only eight doubling times. Biological threats proliferate—until they run out of susceptible victims.
In 1918, the great influenza pandemic killed as many people in 11 months as the medieval Black Death did in 4 years. Ultimately, at least 50 million may have perished. Young healthy people, especially young soldiers headed off to the front in World War I, succumbed quickly. To avoid interfering with the war effort, the U.S. government denied and covered up the threat, preventing the implementation of public health measures.
Since then, the world has gotten smaller. A virus that jumps the species barrier from animals to humans in a meat market in China can cross the Pacific in hours. And despite the expenditure of $80 billion on a National Biologic Defense, the U.S. is arguably no better prepared than it was in 1918, state Steven Hatfill, M.D., and coauthors in their new book Three Seconds until Midnight .
As in 1918, we lack a vaccine or wonder drugs, but must rely on non-pharmaceutical interventions (NPI), and on public health authorities to track and try to contain the spread of infection.
Accurate information is critical. Can we trust governmental authorities to tell the truth? Travel restrictions, quarantine, closing businesses, and cancelling public events have a huge economic and potential political cost.
There can also be incentives to exaggerate the threat, in order to sell poorly tested vaccines or drugs. The 1976 swine flu epidemic was almost a non-event; more people were probably injured or even died from adverse effects of the heavily promoted vaccine.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has so far declined to declare the corona virus outbreak a global emergency, although cases have been reported in more than a dozen or so countries. China reported only hundreds of “confirmed” cases—while countless additional cases were not tested because of lack of diagnostic test kits.
The New England Journal of Medicine writes , “Another Decade, Another Coronavirus.” This 2019-nCoV virus is the third zoonotic (animal) coronavirus to infect humans in two decades. The SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) and MERS (Middle East respiratory syndrome) were contained. Other coronaviruses cause mild cold-like syndromes.
This virus has occasioned the quarantine of entire cities, for the first time since medieval times. This could not be done other than in authoritarian China, states virologist Steven Hatfill , but even there is unlikely to be effective—especially if 5 million people had left before the order was implemented.
The People’s Liberation Army has sent 450 medical personnel to Wuhan to help out at local hospitals, which are crammed with patients lying in packed corridors. Construction workers are reportedly trying to build a 1,000-bed hospital in Wuhan in five days. The U.S. and other nations are evacuating their citizens from Wuhan.
A report of 41 hospitalized patients in Wuhan, published in The Lancet , showed that patients were relatively young (median age 49) and fewer than half had an underlying illness. Only 66% had been exposed to the Huanan seafood market, the apparent source of the infection. One patient (2%) had no fever; all had pneumonia; 29% had severe respiratory distress syndrome; and 12% had acute cardiac injury. Most cases may be very mild, facilitating more rapid spread .
The corona virus is transmitted by droplets coming into contact with mucous membranes, including the eye. It can persist on surfaces for days. People without fever or symptoms can transmit the illness during the incubation period, which might be as long as two weeks. At present, definitive diagnostic testing is available only from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) .
In a severe outbreak, people whose job is not critical may need to stay home. Those who do not have a supply of food, essential medications, or other needed supplies would likely end up in a frantic crowd. Personal protective gear, for people who need to be in contact with the public or care for a sick family member, is already out of stock in medical supply houses. This includes gloves, wrap-around eye protection, and N-95 protective masks—regular surgical masks are probably of little help.
Panic is never helpful; staying calm is always good advice. But failure to heed previous warnings of the need for robust disaster planning, and complacency about medical technology and governmental resources, has set the stage for potential unprecedented disaster.
Individuals need to recognize that they themselves, and not 911 or the emergency room or the Federal Emergency Management Agency, may hold the key to their family’s and their community’s survival. Local authorities need to know that they may be on their own.
For now, stock up on supplies; cover those coughs and sneezes; wash hands frequently for at least 20 seconds; avoid crowds; and stay aware, as the situation could change rapidly.
"
Corona Virus? The Chinese Central Bank Has a “Solution”. 	"In a January 14 article for Vox, Ian Millhiser discusses a new proposal in the Harvard Law Review designed to accomplish four things:
(1) a transfer of the Senate’s power to a body that represents citizens equally; (2) an expansion of the House so that all citizens are represented in...
In a January 14 article for Vox , Ian Millhiser discusses a new proposal in the Harvard Law Review designed to accomplish four things:
(1) a transfer of the Senate’s power to a body that represents citizens equally; (2) an expansion of the House so that all citizens are represented in equal-sized districts; (3) a replacement of the Electoral College with a popular vote; and (4) a modification of the Constitution’s amendment process that would ensure future amendments are ratified by states representing most Americans.
The scheme consists of dividing up the District of Columbia into more than one hundred new tiny states so as to drastically increase the number of leftist-controlled states so as to push through a wide variety of new Constitutional amendments. 1
Milhiser is enthusiastic, since he believes the US electoral system is too ""undemocractic"" and that the system must be overhauled ""so that the United States has an election system 'where every vote counts equally.'""
[RELATED: Stop Saying "" We're a Republic, Not a Democracy "" by Ryan McMaken]
Milhiser's concept of ""unequal"" is illustrated more clearly when he calls the US Senate ""ridiculous"" because it is a system ""where the nearly 40 million people in California have no more Senate representation than the 578,759 people in Wyoming.""
So now we have arrived at the heart of the matter.
Milhiser contends Californians are underrepresented in Washington—or more likely he thinks leftists are underrepresented, given the context of the piece—because Wyoming and California have equal representation in Congress.
This, we are supposed to believe, somehow leaves millions of Californians disenfranchised.
Common sense, however, strongly suggests Californians—or at least the politicians who claim to represent them—are quite well represented in Washington and wield quite a bit of power. Let's look at some numbers:
California has fifty-three votes in the US House of Representatives while Wyoming has one.
As a percentage of the full House, California's delegation makes up 12 percent of all votes while Wyoming's makes up 0.2 percent.
In fact, California's representation in the House is so large that California House members outnumber members from an entire region of the US: namely the Rocky Mountain region. If we add up all eight states of the Mountain West (Nevada, Utah, Arizona, Montana, Idaho, Wyoming, Colorado, and New Mexico) we come up with only thirty-one votes. Moreover, many of these states have split delegations (as with Arizona and Colorado) and rarely vote as a unified group. California, on the other hand, has only seven Republican House members out of fifty-three, meaning that the state's delegation tends to reliably vote together.
California even enjoys a sizable advantage in the electoral college as well. It is true that the electoral college formula evens things up somewhat. California representatives wield more than 10 percent of all electoral college votes, and Wyoming enjoys only 0.6 percent of all votes. Now, if the Rocky Mountain region were to vote together for a certain candidate, it could theoretically, almost equal the power of California. But, the region doesn't vote together, with Colorado, New Mexico, and Nevada often going for one party while the rest of the region goes for another. Thus, California, because its electoral votes are centralized, brings more power to presidential elections than the entire Rocky Mountain region.
So, while it's true that Wyoming's two votes in the US Senate make it easier for a Wyoming-led coalition to veto legislation that favors California, the same can be said of California in the House. While California and Wyoming theoretically have equal power in the Senate, Wyoming has essentially no power in the House, and could not possibly hope to do much to overcome opposition from California House members. The fact that voters in Wyoming have more US senators per person hardly places people with California-type interests at the mercy of people with Wyoming-type interests.
Essentially, the system as it now functions places significantly more veto power in the hands of California in the House. At best, though, Wyoming has only an equal veto to California in the Senate. Veto power, of course, is one of the most important aspects of US legislative institutions, since it is designed to help minority groups protect their own rights even when lacking a majority. This is the philosophy behind the Senate's filibuster, and the philosophy behind the bicameral legislature. The purpose is to provide numerous opportunities for minorities to veto legislation pushed by more powerful groups.
The importance of protecting minority rights, of course, is a mainstay of the ideology we used to call ""liberalism""—the idea that people ought to enjoy basic human rights even when the majority doesn't like it.
All that is out the window, however, where progressives and other leftists suspect they are in the majority, in which case the protection of minority groups is null and void. Suddenly, the Democratic majority is the only thing that matters.
Had rank majoritarianism won the day in the past, Indian tribes, Catholics, Quakers, and Japanese Americans would have all been extirpated or run out of the country a century ago. But the sort of prudence that put some limits on the power of the majority in the is now thoroughly unfashionable on the Left. The Left now strains to grasp the opportunity to rid themselves forever of even what small amount of legislative resistance can be offered by the hayseeds in flyover country.
The fact that California gets more than fifty times the votes of North Dakotans isn't enough for progressives. They must also stamp out what limited influence North Dakota has in the Senate as well.
This sort of thinking suggests that in order to make the US more ""democratic"" large minorities of voters—voters with specific economic and cultural interests that differ from those in other regions—ought to be rendered essentially powerless.
All that said, I endorse the plan from the Harvard Law Review Milhiser is pushing. It undermines the idea that the US's current state boundaries are somehow sacrosanct and that enormous states with millions of people are a perfectly fine thing. The US and its member states are far too large, and could use a thorough dismembering. But Milhiser should be careful what he wishes for. 1. I should note there's nothing wrong with dividing up the US into a large number of small states. It's just that the scheme ought to encompass the entire country rather than just a tiny of part of it with the goal of helping a single political party. Indeed, most US states are far too large and ought to be broken up into far smaller pieces: "
Corona is cured so simply. 	"I am retired through a car accident, but my brain still works! I have an M.Eng, and I was doing a PhD into Global Warming, but this is only one of my interests! Do e-mail me, I like people! Hi. Doctors and Professors, talk to me. Saturday, 8 February 2020 Corona/C19 is cured so simply Ultrasound—Cancer Cure: Cheap Home Cure to All Cancers Price: £13.41 (excl. VAT) Prints in 3-5 business days Ultrasound—Cancer Cure explores a perspective and revolutionary new treatment for cancer: high-intensity ultrasound, a noninvasive but promising new treatment that is being studied as a way to treat all cancers and could even cure in just one application. Author Dr. Jon Thomason shares research from the Moffitt Cancer Center, which pioneered research into this application of ultrasound, and he explains both how ultrasound works and how, more importantly, it can be used to as a treatment for cancer. Chemotherapy and surgery are not the only options for patients suffering from cancer. Ultrasound is a promising new alternative that could offer a noninvasive treatment without the debilitating side-effects of radiation and surgery. Certificate of registration The US library of congress has just registered 'Ultrasound – Cheap Home Cure To All Cancers' TX 8-659-428 2002 and 3 medical professors from the Moffitt cancer centre published the single application of High Intensity UltraSound to a cancerous organ, to clear cancer.As it was medically published On earth had to acquire and validated a HIUS device. An 8 W 1 MHz ultrasound massage device is a home beauty device that also functions as a HIUS device. £21.28 Free P&P The original work was done on prostate cancer. I apply the HIUS for 1 minute 1.5"" above a man's penis, and the most prevalent mail specific cancer is cured.It works for all 200 cancers out there. Sir just one prescription of the defective 20 a century cancer medicine, struck ealth the October. As the defective radio and chemotherapy, or massively defective cancer surgery lead to a two year decline to Bio chemically assisted death.I cured a lawyer from the British Council of his late stage inoperable liver cancer. 1 minute of HIUS along the base of the rib cage. The 2016 and the UK Crown C and ourt publish that HIUS was the only legal cancer medicine.Medics dropped biochemical treatments overnight but reverted to more defective chemo and radio therapy, and surgery. Every surgeon who has applied cancer surgery in last 18 years, instantly ceased to be a registered Dr. the same day and subsequent surgical work criminal!It became apparent 2002 that HIUS also clears all viruses on demand. ½ minute of e.g. 8 W 1 MHz ultrasound to each side the chest will totally clear Corona.By every medic on earth 2002. 2003 by every Dr. also validated that HIUS cleared all bacterial infections. Including antibiotic resistant infections!Prescription of fungal antibiotics became criminal and defective medicine. Striking off the prescribing Dr. the same day! All subsequent medical practice was criminal medical malpractice.Corona is cleared by HIUS! My friend in New York used high us to clear his HIV AIDs 2012. He was discharged from all AIDs medicine the next week by his GP. I've published the use freely on the Internet.Validated by every AIDs Dr. In the world. Amino acid blockers an anti retroviral treatments were criminal medicine for HIV, even before the drug companies dreamt them up.Every Corona patient in Wuhan, all around the world can be cleared of this week viral infection: SARs was five times as lethal, but was cleared by application of HIUS 2003.So the Chinese doctors already knew of a medically validated a viral cure. 17 years ago! They already had the required validated HIUS Equipment. As did every Dr. Around the world.So biochemical treatments for viruses, criminal medicine for 18 years. Corona is cleared by 1 minute of HIUS. The Chinese panic, is PR from the drug companies.Who all validated the HIUS cure! Which works for all viruses are will ever exist. So were prohibited from the manufacture of cancer drugs from 2002.But every drug company has continued with the manufacture and sale or cancer drugs. In exactly the same way that Has denied they can simply cure all viruses. Without any drug prescription.Both groups struck off their medical registers. Doctors losing Health Insurance and medical registration, making subsequent medical practice totally criminal!The assisting nurses and pharmacists, both groups totally aware that HIUS cured cancer and viruses, were prohibited from assisting with defective medicine like cancer drugs.Both struck off their respective health registers. Continue to work in the health sector then criminal. So Boots and Lloyds are chemist in the UK, have lost all their registered pharmacists.As are every pharmacist in the U.S. or globally. Since cancer was cures 18 years ago, drug company is have announced regular global epidemics. That all fizzle out!As doctors remember that HIUS clears all viral infections. And actually Obey their professional medical oath, and cure the viral infections.2003 Asia had SARs - the five times as fatal as Corona. But suddenly dies out as doctors were reminded they had to use HIUS! Or be struck off.In Wuhan every Dr. has the validated HIUS device. That will cure all Corona infections. Those that have used defective biochemical remedies, the struck off. A legal fine of 90,000,000 Renimbe, and 25 years in high security jail. For every murderous Dr..Who has delighted in medicating their Corono patients to death. From a condition routinely cleared by 1 minute of HIUS.Around the developed world HIUS will clear all Corona outbreaks. I am really are appalled that I have to remind global doctors and of their professional oath. 1know about new medical advances 2use them 3free use of medicine then criminal! 4no research or teaching of defective medicineResulting me every medical academic in the world, the ceased to be medically registered 2002. Even Harvard in Cambridge Medical schools, the struck off 18 years ago!All their graduating medical students, never registered doctors. All other medical practice subsequently, criminal medical malpractice. They it never has health insurance or medical registration."
Phylogenomic analysis of the 2019-nCoV coronavirus. 	There is rising global concern for the recently emerged novel Coronavirus (2019-nCov). Full genomic sequences have been released by the worldwide scientific community in the last few weeks in order to understand the evolutionary origin and molecular characteristics of this virus. Taking advantage of all the genomic information currently available, we constructed a phylogenetic tree including also representatives of other coronaviridae, such as Bat coronavirus (BCoV) and SARS. We identified specific BCoV genomes which appear to be the closest relative to the new virus, with protein sequence identity of 91.1%, providing further evidence for a zoonotic origin of 2019-nCoV. We also detected low variability within the available 2019-nCoV specimens sequenced so far, despite a few hyper-variable genomic hotspots. Finally, we perform a full proteomic comparison with other coronaviridae, identifying key aminoacidic differences to model anti-viral strategies on. It is made available under a CC-BY-NC 4.0 International license .
Turn the tide of corona!. 	The death toll in the coronavirus outbreak in China has now reached 1,016, after 108 people died from the virus on Monday, the highest daily toll since the outbreak began late last year. In addition, some 42,638 other people have caught the virus and are infected. Despite there is still ambiguity about the origin of this new strain of the virus, it is believed to have spread to humans from an animal as researchers have traced a potential link to the endangered pangolin. As things stand, the death toll from coronavirus has surpassed that of SARS in 2003 and its swift-paced spread around the world has panicked people. At least 25 countries have reported that some of their citizens are suffering from the virus. Among them are Japan, Thailand, South Korea, Taiwan, Malaysia, Australia, Canada, India, and the UAE. However, no case has surfaced in Afghanistan so far or perhaps the public health employees haven’t been able to detect it. Nevertheless, given the pattern with which the virus is developing, we cannot rest assured and it being here isn’t totally out of the question. Lamentably, among the victims of this virus was Chinese doctor Li Wenliang, who is believed to have contracted the disease from a patient he was treating in Wuhan city, the epicenter of the storm. He was among the first ones in December last year to break the news of the virus but he was sadly accused of ‘rumor-mongering’ and disturbing social order by Chinese authorities who paid no heed to his warning. However, the 34-year-old doctor is now praised as a hero, posthumously, and the Chinese government is under serious fire for overlooking the initial warnings. Although the Chinese government could partly be in the right to be thinking of heading-off a public uproar but it should have paid attention to the signs. Chinese government’s glossing over harsh realities has come at a price of hundreds of deaths. Experts should be listened to and allowed to reveal problems, which otherwise fester and wreak havoc ultimately. Had Li’s warning been heeded, many lives could have been saved – including his. Therefore, here is a lesson for the Afghan government as well: to try its best to prevent the virus from entering the country but also no to try to silence narratives regarding the virus’s arrival here. If the virus has reached Afghanistan, the Afghan government should be open about it and seek help from the global village. As the WHO director-general said “this is time for solidarity, not stigma;” therefore, the whole world should join forces to turn the tide of corona and avoid withholding resources in order to cope with this deadly phenomenon. Moreover, China is a big power, and surely it will overcome the predicament. 
TOMI’s SteraMist Preparedness for Aiding in the new Coronavirus-Wuhan or 2019-nCoV Outbreak. 	"TOMI Environmental Solutions, Inc. ® (“TOMI”) (OTCQB:TOMZ), is a global company specializing in disinfection and decontamination, utilizing its premier Binary Ionization Technology (BIT) platform through its SteraMist products - a hydrogen peroxide-based mist and fog composed of ionized Hydrogen Peroxide (iHP). SteraMist iHP technology has been deployed in the fight against EBOLA in West Africa, MERS in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and South Korea, and is now ready to be easily deployed throughout the world to aid in the fight against coronavirus-Wuhan (2019-nCoV) and other emerging pandemic risks.
With thousands of confirmed cases of the respiratory infection already noted worldwide, health officials have confirmed at least five (5) cases of coronavirus-Wuhan (2019-nCoV) in the United States. This virus could become our next pandemic.
Similar to Influenza A, SARS, and MERS, coronavirus is an enveloped virus. While this would often serve to protect the virus from possible threats, SteraMist features efficacy against Influenza A, SARS, MERS and similar, enveloped viral threats including coronavirus-Wuhan (2019-nCoV). TOMI has multiple EPA-accepted studies on the current label to meet the standard to respond to emerging pathogens in the enveloped and non-enveloped categories, which includes the current coronavirus-Wuhan (2019-nCoV) outbreak.
TOMI Environmental Solutions has partners throughout the globe standing by to rapidly deploy and aid in reducing the spread of this coronavirus-Wuhan (2019-nCoV) using SteraMist disinfection and decontamination. Companies in biological disaster management and emerging disease organizations throughout the world make up a strong, growing list of TOMI premier partners.
TOMI CEO, Dr. Halden Shane, states that “SteraMist has proven success against emerging pathogens and we remain confident in the ability of our technology to reduce the viral duplication in the air and on surfaces of all indoor environments in the fight against this novel coronavirus-Wuhan (2019-nCoV) threat. TOMI is working alongside many of our premier partners throughout Asia and, if needed, the world to bring SteraMist to those in need of the most effective disinfectant and decontaminant to fight coronavirus-Wuhan (2019-nCoV).”
TOMI ™ Environmental Solutions, Inc.: Innovating for a safer world ®
TOMI ™ Environmental Solutions, Inc. (OTCQB: TOMZ ) is a global decontamination and infection prevention company, providing environmental solutions for indoor surface disinfection through the manufacturing, sales and licensing of its premier Binary Ionization Technology ® (BIT ™ ) platform. Invented under a defense grant in association with the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) of the U.S. Department of Defense, BIT ™ solution utilizes a low percentage Hydrogen Peroxide as its only active ingredient to produce a fog of ionized Hydrogen Peroxide (iHP ™ ). Represented by the SteraMist ® brand of products, iHP ™ produces a germ-killing aerosol that works like a visual non-caustic gas.
TOMI products are designed to service a broad spectrum of commercial structures, including, but not limited to, hospitals and medical facilities, cruise ships, office buildings, hotel and motel rooms, schools, restaurants, meat and produce processing facilities, military barracks, police and fire departments, and athletic facilities. TOMI products and services have also been used in single-family homes and multi-unit residences.
TOMI develops training programs and application protocols for its clients and is a member in good standing with The American Biological Safety Association, The American Association of Tissue Banks, Association for Professionals in Infection Control and Epidemiology, Society for Healthcare Epidemiology of America, America Seed Trade Association, and The Restoration Industry Association.
For additional information, please visit http://www.tomimist.com/ or contact us at info@tomimist.com .
Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
Certain written and oral statements made by us may constitute “forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the “Reform Act”). Forward-looking statements are identified by such words and phrases as “we expect,” “expected to,” “estimates,” “estimated,” “current outlook,” “we look forward to,” “would equate to,” “projects,” “projections,” “projected to be,” “anticipates,” “anticipated,” “we believe,” “could be,” and other similar phrases. All statements addressing operating performance, events, or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future, including statements relating to revenue growth, earnings, earnings-per-share growth, or similar projections, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Reform Act. They are forward-looking, and they should be evaluated in light of important risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our anticipated results. The information provided in this document is based upon the facts and circumstances known at this time. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements after the date of this release."
World’s media pumps out endless nonsense about Corona Virus.. 	"During 30 years of investigating “epidemics,” I’ve looked for causes that have nothing to do with the latest and greatest virus.
In other words, what else could be causing the symptoms of the illness?
In the current “coronavirus epidemic,” the one condition that has been emphasized is: pneumonia.
Standard medical texts will tell you that viruses, bacteria, and fungi can cause pneumonia. Add to that, heavily polluted toxic air (as in Wuhan and other Chinese cities). Add in extreme malnutrition. YOU DON’T NEED A CORONAVIRUS TO EXPLAIN CASES OF PNEUMONIA IN CHINA.
All right. So how many deaths from pneumonia occurred in China well before the “appearance of the coronavirus?”
Estimates vary. Here is one, based on an analysis of studies: 2.8 million to 17 million deaths per year. Source: “Pneumonia Incidence and Mortality in Mainland China: Systematic Review of Chinese and English Literature, 1985-2008” (PLoS one, 2010).
Notice the dates—1985-2008, long before the supposed coronavirus showed up. Before 5G technology, before a biowar research lab ramped up in Wuhan.
2.8 million to 17 million deaths. No need for a mysterious virus.
The wide variance in these death numbers is the result of trying to integrate Chinese language and English language studies, the huge expanse of territory in China, the huge population, and possible attempts, within China, to conceal true statistics.
What does all this tell us? It tells us that now, there is a gigantic pool of people with pneumonia, in China, who can be falsely labeled “deaths from the coronavirus.”
And that’s not all. There are other categories of illness that can be merged with pneumonia, in the rush to diagnose people with the coronavirus. I’m talking about “lower lung infections” and “influenza.” The mortality numbers leap even higher.
You might rightly ask, “So why hasn’t pneumonia, all by itself, been labeled an epidemic in China in past years? Why hasn’t the World Health Organization, at the very least, declared a state of emergency for China based on pneumonia?”
You can bet your bottom dollar that, if the “coronavirus epidemic” was said to reach 2 million deaths in China, the entire planet would be locked down tight, and no one anywhere would leave home. Both atheists and end-times prophets would be shouting that the extinction of all human life was upon us. Persons in high places would be meeting and saying the only solution was to nuke Earth and start over.
Let’s consider, for a moment, how easy it would be to label pneumonia outside China with the coronavirus tag. As in, “the virus is spreading everywhere.” Here is a quote: “[Globally] About 200 million cases of viral community-acquired pneumonia occur every year—100 million in children and 100 million in adults.” Lancet, volume 377, ISSUE 9773, P1264-1275, April 09, 2011.
But wait, you say. Pneumonia is only called “coronavirus” if the patient is tested and the virus is discovered. Otherwise, it’s just ordinary pneumonia. —Sorry, it’s not that simple.
First of all, in the pressure of an announced epidemic, all sorts of people who have elevated temperature and general flu-like symptoms will be called coronavirus cases. Metrics people will use computer models to estimate numbers of cases. And even when the most widely used diagnostic tests are done—those tests have serious flaws.
An antibody test, at best, only indicates the patient has come in contact with the virus. It says nothing about whether he is going to become ill. In fact, before 1984, a positive-reading antibody test was generally taken to mean the patient was in good shape. His immune system had defeated the germ in question. But then, after 1984, the science was turned on its head—and a positive test was falsely taken to mean the patient was ill or would soon become ill.
The so-called PCR test (which has many procedural problems and requires expert technicians who will not make mistakes) takes a tiny, tiny sample of what might be a virus from a patient, and blows it up many, many times so it can be observed. However, in order for this virus to actually cause illness, millions and millions of virus particles must be present in the patient’s body. The PCR test says nothing reliable about quantity of virus in a person.
Therefore, even when these tests are done on suspected cases of the coronavirus, they do not result in accurate knowledge about illness and disease.
If you’re beginning to think it’s easy to declare an epidemic and broadcast propaganda about it, you’re right. Take a conventional set of symptoms present in people all over the world, claim a new virus is causing them, and you’re off and running. You can report 500 or 1000 deaths from this virus and people will believe whatever you say or do next. They won’t realize that this set of symptoms has been present in millions and millions of people, for decades or centuries, without the new virus. They won’t realize millions of people have already died without the “new virus.”
Global epidemics solely based on germ-pronouncements, without environmental investigations (contaminated water supplies, open sewage, hunger, starvation, poverty, toxic chemicals, etc.), are industries. They’re business ventures. They’re operations launched to control populations and force them to take vaccines. They’re launched and sustained by professional liars, who’ve refined the old skills of snake oil salesmen through the use of “science,” in order to hypnotize the unwary. And when the vaccine of the moment—as in the Swine Flu epidemic duds of 1976 and 2009—turns out to be quite damaging, the snake oil pros say, “Well, every vaccine can cause rare problems, but all in all, they curb pandemics. We must inject them.”
If you automatically buy that one, you believe pigs can jump over the moon on the backs of cows.
Highly educated people do tend to believe pigs can jump over the moon, when it comes to so-called epidemics. They think, “I admire complex issues. Epidemics and viruses are very complex, and only the well-trained and sophisticated professionals can assess them. Therefore, these pros know what they’re doing. I reject THE SIMPLE.”
But THE SIMPLE is what these people need to know about. Otherwise, it’s still pigs, the moon, cows, and jumping.
“But…but…but this situation in China is NEW and UNPRECEDENTED, as of 2019. It’s never happened before. And the lockdowns and the quarantines…So there must be a new explanation, the coronavirus.”
If necessary, read this article again. The pneumonia-situation is not new. And the lockdowns and quarantines were theatrically laid on AFTER the blaring trumpet announcements of the “epidemic.”
It’s still over the moon.
"
Condition of Corona-infected nurses improves. 	" The condition of two nurses — a Filipino and an Indian — who tested positive for MERS-Coronavirus at a hospital in Abha has improved.
“I spoke to the Indian nurse over phone to reassure her health,” said Indian Consul General Mohammed Noor Rahman Sheikh. Speaking to Saudi Gazette, he said that the Indian Consulate authorities are in constant touch with the director of health affairs and other officials in Asir region who have taken all the precautionary measures to contain the spread of the virus.
The nurse who has infected with the virus hails from Ettumanoor in Kottayam district of the southern Indian state of Kerala. She reportedly contracted the virus while caring for a nurse from the Philippines, who had tested positive for MERS.
Sheikh said that the nurse is among some 50 Indian nurses working at Al-Hayat Hospital in Khamis Mushayt and she has been shifted to the corona center of Asir Central Hospital following the infection.
“We have received information that no other nurses had contracted the virus and that Prince Turki Bin Talal, emir of Asir, has given necessary instructions to take all measures to contain the spread of the disease,” the consul general said.
Ashraf Kuttichal, president of the southern region committee of Overseas Indian Cultural Congress and member of the Indian Consulate Welfare Committee, told Saudi Gazette that the nurse has been shifted to hospital ward from the intensive care unit after her condition improved considerably.
Dr. Tareq Al-Azraqi, consultant internist at Asir Central Hospital and head of the infection control committee in the southern region, informed that the condition of the Filipino and Indian nurses have improved to the extent that there is no cause for concern.
Around 150 staff members of Al-Hayat Hospital, mostly expatriate nurses, have already tested negative for the virus while the procedures are under way to carry out tests of the remaining 85 staffers, Kuttichal said quoting the health department officials.
The social worker said around 30 nurses from Kerala were quarantined at their accommodation for some time after one of their inmates had tested positive for Coronavirus on Jan. 21. “The nurse had been caring for their Filipino colleague, a chronic patient who later tested positive for the virus,” he said.
V. Muraleedharan, India’s minister of state for foreign affairs, tweeted on Thursday that about 100 Indian nurses working at Al-Hayat Hospital have been tested and none except one nurse was found infected by Corona virus. “The affected nurse is being treated at Asir Central Hospital and is recovering well,” he said.
Meanwhile, Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan has written to the Ministry of External Affairs, seeking intervention in connection with the MERS-coronavirus outbreak among the nurses.
In a letter sent to S. Jaishankar, India’s minister of external affairs, he urged to take the matter seriously and ensure better treatment after communicating with the Saudi authorities."
NATURAL HERBS TO FIGHT CORONA VIRUS INFECTION. 	"About Corona Virus Infection According to World Health Organization (WHO), Corona virus is a family of virus, that causes illness ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases such as SARS and MERS (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome). These viruses are inherently zoonotic, i.e., originally transmitted from animals to humans. Now, this infection spreads through direct or indirect with the infected person.
Name of this virus is derived from Latin word 'corona', meaning crown or Halo owing to the shape of this virus. The first instance of identification of Corona viruses traces back to the 1960s. But, the novel Corona Virus (2019-nCoV) was identified as the source of the illness in early 2020 as an infection traced to Wuhan seafood market that also sold live animals. Signs and symptoms of infection Running nose Fever Sneezing Cough Sore throat Shortness of breath Difficulty in breathing Nose sinuses Upper throat infection In advanced stages of this infection, the effects may range from the following:
Pneumonia Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Impaired liver function Impaired kidney function, Severe cough and Death. Incubation period of nCoV is 2 to 14 days.
Natural Herbs Adhatoda Vasica
Adhatoda Vasica is a medicinal plant used for indications like u pper respiratory infection with fever and productive cough , asthma, breathing trouble, nasal congestion, running nose, allergic conditions, comm on cold, c hronic bronchitis, Sinusitis , Sore throat , throat pain, t hroat irritation , tonsillitis, etc. in the Indian system of medicine. Kalmegh (Nilavembu) This herb is known to many as an effective medicine against dengue. But it can be used to prevent corona virus as well. This is an effective herb in preventing virus infection. It increases immunity power in the body and destroys all harmful viruses and bacteria. Tulsi Tulsi is a traditional herb which prevents all viral infection. It is a proven medicine against indications like cold, cough and fever. Vishnukranthi Vishnukranti is an effective medicine against all kinds of fever. It is used as an antibiotic. It is effective against infections caused by bacteria and virus and prevents them.
Musumusukkai Musumusukkai is a medicinal climber that mainly helps to relieve from running nose and nasal congestion.
Guduchi (Seenthil) Guduchi is regarded as 'sarvaloka sanjeevi' , because of its ability to treat variety of dieseases. It can be used even to treat unknown or unidentified disease. It effectively fights against fever, cold. It is great blood purifier and also a good immunity power booster.
Karpooravalli Karpooravalli is a common herb to treat throat pain, cough, cold, nasal congestion, etc.
Turmeric Turmeric as we all know is a great antibiotic. It prevents and protects us all kinds of infection.
By using all the herbs above and water, make concentrate (kasayam) and consume it for 3-5 days. This will help in boosting immunity power and also reduces the symptoms if there are any. "
The Corona virus scare: What’s in it for investors?. 	Highlights - The Corona regional epidemic may potentially turn global - Many Chinese cities quarantined; trade, tourism &amp;amp; services hit - Market expecting replay of SARS of 2003 - Commodities-centric sectors with direct exposure to China under watch The Corona virus outbreak in China has emerged as the biggest global worry at the moment. This virus if not contained in time may turn into a global epidemic with adverse implications for travel, trade and markets alike. So far, 106 casualties have been reported – all in China – with nearly 4,600 confirmed cases of infected individuals. China has seen travel ban and quarantine measures that could impact local and global trade dynamics. While previous such crises had hurt global equities, a recovery thereafter has prompted investors to draw parallels. However, the potential damage to an already fragile global economy can be high as the treatment to Corona virus is still not available. Investors, hence, should stay cautious on the cyclical sectors. What is Corona? On December 31, 2019, the WHO (World Health Organisation) issued an alert about several cases of pneumonia in Wuhan – the capital of Hubei Province of China. The virus was termed as Corona virus (CoV), which belongs to a family of viruses that causes illness ranging from common cold to SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome) and MERS (Middle-East Respiratory Syndrome. The strain has not been previously identified in humans and does not respond to any medical treatment so far. The Corona virus is understood to have been initially transmitted from animals (possibly snakes and bats) -- just as SARS that spread from civet cats, and MERS from camels. It is contagious and what makes the transmission difficult to contain at the initial stage is the fact that its incubation period i.e. time from exposure to developing symptoms is about 3-10 days. Researchers at Northeastern University and Imperial College London estimate that the number of actual infections may be 10 times more than the reported confirmed cases due to this incubation period. The immediate impact The official response started with the lockdown of Wuhan, which has a population of 11 million. As of now, 15 cities of the Hubei province are under similar travel quarantine controls. As the outbreak took place in the run-up to the holiday season, that is Chinese Lunar Year celebrations, the consumption and tourism cycle took a beating. Except for cities of the Hubei province, the impact on manufacturing is yet to be seen as a good set of businesses is anyway shut due to the Chinese New Year. Officially, Chinese holidays are extended to February 2 nationally and February 9 for Shanghai. Since a solution to the Corona virus is work in progress, it is anyone’s guess how long this crisis will stay and to what extent it can impact globally. So far, multiple countries have reported confirmed cases and are looking at measures ranging from isolating the infected person to a travel ban to China and other restrictions. According to the WHO, the current outbreak is still a regional crisis. Financial market impact Markets have started to price in the flu factor in an alarming way. Chinese equities have fallen by 5-6 percent from their January 20 highs. Oil has slumped by more than 10 percent in the past few days and gold is at its 6-year high. Looking at the SARS of 2003, the global macroeconomic impact was estimated at $30-100 billion. It was also estimated that the impact on China’s GDP was as high as 1 percent. (Source: The Impacts on Health, Society, and Economy of SARS and H7N9 Outbreaks in China: A Case Comparison Study by Qiu, Chu &amp;amp; Mao). As far as its impact is concerned, Chinese equities had plunged about 8-10 percent during March-April 2003. Similarly, Mexico stocks during Swine Flu in 2009 and Brazilian equities during Zika in 2016 were moderately impacted by 2-4 percent. In all the cases, however, the equities recovered swiftly post the crises. The scale of the problem calls for a closer look at Ground Zero –the Hubei province. At $595 billion, the province made up about 4 percent of China’s GDP in 2018. Note that the Hubei province is an important center for industries such as metallurgy, automobiles, chemicals and optical electronics. The city of Wuhan constitutes about 1 percent of China’s global trade dynamics – both exports and imports. Historically, known a major automobile and logistic centre, in last few years the city is also fastly emerging as a hi-tech hub for the optics industry. Takeaways In our base case, we believe that the Corona virus epidemic may have an impact limited to China with a likely extended quarantine and travel ban within the country. This stems from the fact that China this time is better equipped to deal with this crisis than earlier occasions. The recent quick steps may just prevent the problem getting global. In the short term, the adverse impact on Chinese GDP could be larger than earlier occasions due to the clampdown. Further, longer restrictions on travel and work will adversely impact Chinese consumption, services and manufacturing in the short run. Investors should look at this event with abundant caution. The positive trade outlook on account of of the Phase 1 trade deal between the US and China now faces a serious risk. Investors may turn cautious on sectors and companies with direct exposure to China, particularly on the commodities side. Sectors with links to oil such as chemicals and agrochemicals may have to brace for more volatility and potential high cost inventories. The ones that are dependent on raw materials from China like pharma, agrochemicals may face additional headwinds. Large export-oriented sectors of China such as metals and chemicals may possibly turn to higher dumping in India, particularly if there is lower domestic consumption of same. The recent correction in metal prices therefore comes as little surprise. Note that prior to this metal price outlook had turned positive on account of the improvement in the US-China trade ties.
Stools, diarrhea may be hidden risk of Corona Virus Spread. 	"While most of screening for Corona virus is focused on respiratory samples from pneumonia cases to identify corona-virus patients, there is possibility that doctors might have ignored a less apparent and hidden source of the spread: diarrhea.
The new corona-virus was detected in faeces in the first case confirmed in the United States and that finding could point to a hidden risk in the spread of the virus.
“It’s not only excreted in your respiratory secretions, it’s also secreted in your stool,” Scott Lindquist, the state epidemiologist for infectious disease at Washington State’s Department of Health, said on a conference call on Friday, reported Bloomberg.
Fang Li, an associate professor of veterinary and biomedical sciences at the University of Minnesota, said that the SARS and Wuhan viruses attach to the same protein receptors, which are seen in the lungs and intestines.
John Nicholls, a clinical professor of pathology at the University of Hong Kong, told Bloomberg that fecal material “would be a very likely place where you might get the transmission.”
“If it’s using the same receptor as for SARS, I can’t see why it shouldn’t be replicating in the gut,” he said.
Ten to 20 percent of SARS patients experienced diarrhea, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Diarrhea was the source of a major outbreak of that coronavirus in a Hong Kong complex. The CDC said that coronaviruses most commonly spread through the air by coughing and sneezing or close personal contact. In rare cases, the viruses spread through fecal contamination. "
PAEDIA EXPRESS!HISTOLOGICAL PATHWAY,LIKELY CURE IDENTIFIED FOR CORONA VIRUS. 	Viruses are self reproducing agents smaller than the microscopic bacteria. According to the page 52 of the Encyclopaedia Britannica ,volume 23 suggests as The Editorial and Policy Board of the E.N.M.Paedia Express Multimedia Group of Lagos,Nigeria went to bed while trying to search out for answers and not leave it to some researchers alone ,studies were quite revealing. Antibiotics and synthetic chemicals have proven of little value against viruses as some hope as regards the typical viral facto arose in 1962 when H.E.Kaufmann showed that infections of the eyes by Herpes and Vaccinia were benefitted by certain chemicals . These appeared to inhibit virus growth by making the virus incorporate an abnormal constituent into its nucleic acid which then became useless for multiplication... in 1963,a factor ,N-Methyl-Isatin-B-Thiosemicarbazone was shown by D.J.Baur and co workers to have prophylactic values when given to Small Pox contacts in India. It has being stated that a number of antibiotics are effective against the viruses of the Psittacossis-Trachoma Group.. Isaacs and J.Lindermann described a previously unknown undetected mechanism whereby a viral infections of animals may be naturally halted. A protein called Interferon is produced and liberated by cells under the stimulus particularly of dead or damaged virus. This alters the chemical processes within the cell in such a way that they become unsuitable for viruses growth unlike antibodies ,interferon is effective not only against the virus that evokes it but against many others ,often unrelated viruses... The year ,2017 ,also saw the human micro-biome project coming up full steam in a decade long effort by 53 research groups to assemble something like an Audubon guide for all the micro bides inhabiting our mucosa. This new found knowledge about all the bacteria ,Yeasts ,Parasites and viruses that live in the alimentary canal or our guts ,Skin,mouths,nasal tracts and urogenital tract is helping researchers to devise new fixes for things that once took years for medication... With that knowledge ,scientists are now moving a step further as they are trying to reprogram micro-organisms to release natural anti-biotics ,anti-inflammatory molecules and protective proteins. Researchers have since engineered a Benign .E. Coli Strain to detect specific lipids found in a form of bacteria called P.Aeruginosa ,a drug resistant pathogen that can infect humans and cause pneumonia. The harmless E.Coli finds and Kills these type of invaders and in concept such smart bacterias could remain in a person's body for life while detecting and preventing diseases . What this means is that the answer to healing from a disease or diseases might not lie in an operating room or a pill but within the human bodies itself. Abdulmumini Adeku is a Nigerian Born Scholar and Journalist who lives in Lagos,Nigeria,[using his residual knowledge of natural sciences he had done a deep study of viruses with a view to assisting the global science community to form a concise opinion on the treatment of Coroner Virus and other viral ailments in the future
Moderna Surges On Corona Virus Outbreak, Is Now The Time To Buy?. 	"MarketBeat Mobile App (Ad) In early 2019 President Trump warned this company's biggest customers to ""step up their 5G efforts."" A few months later, he banned their biggest competitor from doing business in the U.S. Now, this $5 stock could turn a $10,000 stake into $234,770 this year. But timing is critical. A single mention on the evening news and this opportunity could get away from you. Moderna Surges On Corona Virus Outbreak, Is Now The Time To Buy? Posted on Wednesday, January 22nd, 2020 by Thomas Hughes Share by Email Moderna Inc, Is A Likely Player To Develop Vaccines For Wuhan Virus
Shares of Moderna Inc ( MNRA ) surged more than 6% in premarket trading and may be headed higher. The move is driven by a growing belief it will be a major player in the development of vaccines for China’s latest viral outbreak. The disease, a form of coronavirus, has already claimed the lives of nine people in China and more deaths are expected.
The first case of the new coronavirus has been found in the U.S. already. The victim, a male traveler from China, was found in Snohomish County, Washington and is now in isolation. Moderna is already working on vaccines for a number of commonly found illnesses so it makes sense they would tackle this one as well. Vaccines in the pipeline include those for CMV, RSV, hMPV, Zika, and H7N9 flu.
Labeled the Wuhan Coronavirus, symptoms for most are similar to a heavy cold or onset of pneumonia. So far, more than 400 cases have been diagnosed in China. The disease is highly contagious which makes it of particular concern this week. The Chinese Lunar New Year celebration will begin this weekend, 100’s of millions of people are expected to travel.
The CDC is already screening travelers at airports in California and New York. They will be expanding their screens to airports in Chicago, Atlanta and other airports with traffic coming from Wuhan, China. The World Health Organization will convene a panel soon to discuss making the Wuhan Virus a global health emergency. Along with the risk to world health, world leaders are thinking back to the SARS virus and its impact on the global economy.
Moderna Inc, At The Cutting Edge Of Today's Medicines
Moderna Inc is a clinical-stage biotechnology company . Clinical-stage means its vaccines and pipeline of drugs is ready to be or in the process of being tested on humans. It develops therapeutics and vaccines for infectious diseases, immuno-oncology, and rare diseases based on messenger RNA.
mRNA therapies are highly-advanced, cutting edge technologies that threaten to upturn the entire drug industry . They use the body as a drug-making machine, the mRNA is the means by which they do it. The mRNA delivers messages directly to cells telling them to produce complex proteins that cost millions to make in a factory.
The hurdle for Moderna, and others in the gene-therapy field, is that introducing the new mRNA into the body triggers an automatic response. The response includes shutting down protein production and effectively blocking any positive effects the mRNA may have. On top of that, there is concern that if the mRNA can be delivered and not trigger a negative response, it may not be able to make enough new proteins to matter.
The CEO Is Bullish, Clinical Trials Advance
Even so, there is a lot of work being done. Moderna has 11 drugs in clinical trials right now and 20 development projects in the pipeline. The company has collaborative deals with top-players like Astrazenaca ( AZN ), the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Merck & Co ( MRK ), and the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority.
Shares of Moderna got a boost a week or so ago after the company’s CEO appeared on Mad Money. Bottom line, CEO Stephane Bancel is bullish on Moderna’s prospects pointing out a-key drug is moving into the Phase III stage of trials. What this means is the company has proven its therapies can work, in this case for CMV (a common cold that can kill infants and elderly), now it has to prove they work better than today’s standards.
The Technical Outlook Is Bullish For This Risky Stock
The technical outlook is bullish. Today’s move began even before the outbreak of the Wuhan Virus and sets a new high. Sparked by the companies pipeline and outlook, this rally could have legs . The indicators support the breakout and suggest there is room for price action to run. The best targets for resistance are at the $24 and $29 levels, advances of 6% and 30% respectively.
Traders looking to get into this move are cautioned, Moderna is a high-risk growth stock so be extra cautious with position size. Also, price action will probably pull-back to support or consolidate in sideways action before moving higher so there is no need to rush in or chase prices. Patience will pay off. "
Corona Virus: What To Do?. 	"I am sure you are aware of the corona virus infection that is causing concern around the world. A January 24, 2020 study in The Lancet reported the latest statistics. (1) The fatality rate (so far) from the corona infection is approaching 15%. That is not good news.
There is a big HOWEVER here: This Lancet report is based on only 41 laboratory confirmed cases of the recent corona virus strain (2019-nCoV). Keep in mind, the 15% fatality rate is the percentage of hospitalized patients suffering with corona virus. There must be many more people who became ill with this corona virus and recovered uneventfully and therefore, did not seek care.
The symptoms of corona virus initially mimic the flu—fever, headache, cough, fatigue and muscle aches. The 41 patients admitted to the hospital all developed pneumonia.
Corona virus is nothing new. It has been with us for a long time. Corona virus can affect both animals and humans. It is important to keep in mind that most corona viral infections are mild. In the last two decades, there were two serious corona virus infections–severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) and Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) which both had elevated death rates.
So, what can you do? Wearing a mask will not help protect you from becoming ill with any viral infection—corona virus included. I would check that off the list.
First, it is important to maintain optimal levels of nutrients, particularly vitamins A, C, and D. Most people have suboptimal vitamin A and C levels. Both of these nutrients have antiviral abilities and are able to support the immune system when it is under viral attack. If you are not ill, I suggest taking 3-5,000 mg/day of vitamin C. At the first sign of an illness, I would suggest taking 1,000 mg/hour until diarrhea develops, then back off for a time period. For vitamin A, I suggest using 5,000 Units/day if you are not sick and 100,000 Units/day for four days at the first sign of an illness. Pregnant women cannot take these doses. (Note: Take vitamin A, not beta carotene.) Also, vitamin D is very important for fighting infections. I suggest, at the onset of an illness, taking 50,000 IU of vitamin D3/day for four days.
Iodine is essential to not only fighting off an infection it is necessary for proper immune system functioning. There is no bacteria, virus, parasite or fungus that is known to be resistant to iodine. As I have written in my book, Iodine: Why You Need It, Why You Can’t Live Without It, most of the population is low in iodine. If fact, iodine levels have fallen nearly 60% over the last 40 years. The RDA for iodine is inadequate to supply enough iodine for all the bodily tissues. For the majority of my patients, I suggest taking 25 mg/day as a daily dose and more (sometimes 50-100 mg/day) at the first sign of an illness. Iodine can cause adverse effects and it is best used under the guidance of an iodine-knowledgeable doctor.
To prevent becoming ill and to avoid having a poorly responding immune system, it is vitally important to eat a healthy diet free of all sources of refined sugar. Refined sugar has been shown to negatively alter the functioning of the white blood cells for hours after ingestion. Finally, it is important to maintain optimal hydration—drink water! Take your body weight in pounds, divide by two and the resultant number is the amount of water to drink per day in ounces. Dehydration ensures you will be much more likely to suffer serious problems from any infectious process.
Conventional medicine has little to offer to prevent or treat corona virus infections other than washing your hands–I agree with that one. It is time for you to take the initiative and learn what other therapies are out there. Your conventional doctor simply has no effective tools in his/her toolkit for this.
As for getting the flu shot? Fugetaboutit. It won’t help corona infections and there was a study which found an increased risk in non-influenza infections, including coronavirus, in those that received the trivalent flu vaccine. (2)
My last recommendation is to work with a holistic doctor who can give you nutrient IVs when you become ill. Vitamin C, hydrogen peroxide, and ozone IVs can help anyone suffering from an infection. At my office, The Center for Holistic Medicine, we have seen the positive results a holistic approach to combatting viruses can provide. To find a holistic doctor near you go to: www.icimed.com.
"
Jillian MaiThi Epperly beats the Corona virus. 	"Jillian MaiThi Epperly beats the Corona virus in 24 hours drinking rotted cabbage slop. (Sorry the graphics are so small but they are wordy.) 28 January at 13:42 · Just FYI I bet you the coronavirus has been on this soil for a while because the outbreak actually was known in December but the Chinese government did not want to alarm anyone. I felt some major attack on my body for about twenty-four hours a couple weeks ago. If you aren't doing the j juice you, it would be highly unlikely you could handle that attack that I was dealing with. My body on jj was able to fight off. I didn't go and get tested in the ER because I DIDN'T need to. I have my immune system and my Jay juice to support me. But again, any person that's not doing THE J juice with major predispositions would have fell so VERY ill and potentially could have died from the exposure that I experienced ALSO, I have no idea what strain of virus I was exposed to. Additionally, My husband had to blow his nose a bit more one time a few weeks ago and he doesn't blow his nose very often. SO when he gets some kind of symptoms I know something is in the environment that is definitely, not normal. So now you guys now you must understand that this is not something to play with. The coronavirus is on the soil here in Ohio and it's not something that you take lightly and definitely do NOT be taking antibiotics or antivirals that will suppress the healing process which means it's going to strengthen the viruses hold over you and all of your weaknesses, making your exposure worse as the virus mutates.. If I would have went to the hospital I could have potentially infected everyone blowing my nose especially when I was using several different washcloth getting rid of all of the mucus that was pouring out of my body that day and I was coughing up a storm but it only lasted one day All she has talked about for weeks (since Jan 14th with escalation since the 23rd) is the CV, making it appear as if that is what she allegedly contracted. But she admits to not knowing what strain of viru.s she may have had. I am curious though, Jillian have you notified the hospital, your friend was in , that you spread your germs throughout your visitation? You have been aware of the CV since the 14th, your friend became ill with a possible heart attack around the 20th-21st (as you posted in the above video on)the 22nd) You then state you felt an ""attack"" about a week prior to visiting the hospital (according to the above post). That would still make you possibly communicable. If that is true, you are a most irresponsible individual. Regardless of whether a cold virus or flu, or as you imply Corona, you put not only your friend but every patient and visitor at risk. I bet the CDC would be interested in how you beat the virus (whether Corona or not). You could become world famous. The following day we have this ridiculous testimony : Testimony on heart health with a lady on JJ Testimony not me Hello my Jilly Juicing Family! I hope all is well with you all! I am doing great. I just want to update you all. On Dec 17th, again I had chest pain and gone to Huntington Memorial Hospital’s ER. And was kept overnight for observation at the stroke unit. I didn’t post it here at that time because I didn’t want to alarm anyone. And I certainly did not want people to think that my chest pains are caused by Jilly Juice. Not at all. EKG was normal. numerous blood draws were normal, and CT scan of my arteries are all normal. I was at the hospital for 31 hours. When I was discharged, my official diagnosis was GERD (acid reflux). The attending physician referred me to a cardiologist. Apparently, she wanted me checked out by a heart specialist. They didn’t trust me to make my own appointment. Early last week, I got a call telling me the doctor’s office made an appointment for me. Well....this morning was my appointment. It was the best appointment ever! My appointment was 9:30. My sister and I got there at 9:09. Signed my papers and paid my co-payment and waited for them to call me. At exactly 9:30, I was called. The nurse weighed me and took me to the inner room. In three minutes, the cardiologist came. She said she didn’t know why I was referred to her because all my tests, EKG, blood tests, and CT scan was normal. I told her I didn’t know either and All I know is that mid-Dec, I went to the ER for chest pain and all tests were negative and I was discharged with diagnosis of GERD. She took out a model of a heart. She explained that there are 3 major arteries and showed it to me and named them too. The CT scan took a series of pictures of those three arteries and gives a score of plague/calcification accumulation for my 58 years of existence. I asked her, what’s my score. She said “ZERO!! There’s no blockages whatsoever. So whatever you have been doing these 58 years, keep doing them!” (Mind you, I haven’t had a clean diet. I love bacon and it loves me too. I have only semi clean diet only the past three years and a little cleaner since April 2019 when I started Jilly Juice). She will forward all the reports to my primary doctor and to my oncologist. And let them know that I do not need cardiology intervention at this time. The cardiologist went as far as telling the front office to refund my medical co-payment! So this is by far the best doctor’s appointment I have ever had! Thank you Jilly Juice, I do not fear you! Yes, it tastes salty but my blood sodium level is NORMAL. I will continue to drink it even though my family are anti-JJ. Thank you Jillian. The general population doesn’t know what they are missing. I am one happy Jilly Juicer! Bottoms up! What is sad, Jillian has her minions believing; or at least paying lip service to her notions. her JJ is some great elixir. Jillian even admits, again, she had no clue what she may have been battling. But yet this minion is convinced , of what I'm not sure. She obviously did not read anything Jillian wrote past the first sentence. You tell everyone to stop fear-mongering, but yet that does not apply to you. You better hope Jillian, that none of your minions do contract the flu or Corona virus and follow your advice of not seeking medical attention, "" I didn't go and get tested in the ER because I DIDN'T need to. I have my immune system and my Jay juice to support me."""
China halves tariffs on $75 billion worth of US goods, as corona. 	"China announced on Thursday that it will halve additional tariffs on $75 billion worth of US imports, as the world's two largest economies continue to step back from a years-long trade war that has hurt both countries and dented global growth.
The move comes as China is grappling with the escalating coronavirus outbreak . The disease has killed 565 people, mostly in China, and infected more than 28,000 people in over 25 countries and territories.
The reduction affects US goods that China imposed tariffs on last September. Starting next week, China will cut the additional 10% tariff rate it enacted back then on some goods to 5%. Other goods that were taxed an extra 5% will now be levied 2.5%, according to a statement from China's State Council Tariff Commission.
The commission added that other tariffs on US goods will be maintained while it continues to work on exemptions.
""China hopes that both sides will abide by bilateral agreements and make an effort to implement relevant provisions so that we can boost market confidence, promote bilateral trade relations and global economic growth,"" the statement said.
These tariff rollbacks had been widely expected and were a gesture in response to the United States cutting its September round of tariffs by half in the ""phase one"" trade deal , according Tommy Wu, an economist with Oxford Economics.
""Nevertheless, the announcement may help boost market sentiment, especially at a time when China is battling with the economic impact of the coronavirus outbreak,"" he said.
Wu and other experts have warned that the coronavirus outbreak could dent China's economic growth this year and have knock-on effects for the global economy.
When the outbreak hit, Beijing took the extraordinary step of placing major cities on lockdown in order to contain it. The government also extended the Lunar New Year holiday, effectively bringing factories around the country to a standstill as workers have been ordered to stay home. Millions of people have pulled back on consumption, as they hunker down indoors and avoid public spaces.
Washington officials earlier this week said the outbreak could delay exports of US goods to China. Last month, Beijing had agreed to buy an additional $200 billion worth of products from the United States as part of a ""phase one"" trade deal.
""It is true the 'phase one' trade deal, the export boom from that trade deal, will take longer because of the Chinese virus,"" Larry Kudlow, US President Donald Trump's chief economic adviser, said in an interview with Fox Business on Tuesday.
Agricultural goods such as soybeans, pork, cotton and wheat had accounted for a big chunk of the new purchases.
On Wednesday, US Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue said the United States should be patient with China's ability to meet those trade pledges, given the coronavirus outbreak.
""If they're really trying and it really just blows the economy out of the water, then we would have to be understanding of that,"" Perdue said, according to Reuters.
Oxford Economics earlier this week cut its GDP forecast for China, saying that even with a rebound in the second quarter of this year, ""we now forecast 5.4% growth for 2020, compared with 6% previously."""
`People's War' on the Corona Virus - Bill Bishop . 	"Crash project to build a 1,000 bed hospital in Wuhan ""People's War"" on the virus; Expanding quarantine efforts by Bill Bishop
The People’s Daily said in a front page commentary Tuesday that the country is in a “People’s War” with the virus. So far the virus continues its advance, per the latest official figures from Caixin : 20,522 confirmed cases in China; 426 deaths in China; 23,214 suspected cases in China Do not be surprised to see a jump over the next few days in Wuhan and Hubei cases as the number of hospital beds and quarantine facilities increase, more medical personnel arrive from other provinces and testing capacity improves. The propaganda organs are all emphasizing Xi’s leading role in responding to the outbreak, but there have been no new images of him in the leading propaganda outlets since January 28. There have been periods in the past where he has “disappeared” from view for several days, but this “absence” in the midst of a crisis is spurring rumors even faster than usual. I am not buying the rumors going around that he is sick or been removed in a coup, and I caution readers against putting much stock in those. One of the key political tasks of all party members is to protect the core, i.e. Xi Jinping, and while you would think the “people’s leader” would want to be seen close to the people perhaps in this case the risk of him catching the virus may be too high, and images of him wearing a mask might be anathema to the propaganda wizards. That said, I do not know what is going on, it is something I am paying a lot of attention to, but in the absence of any evidence I remain skeptical of the rumors. I will bet that Xi and the other top leaders in the Party and the military understand that they either all hang together in this crisis or they may all hang separately, to paraphrase Benjamin Franklin. This is a long issue, I recommend you click on the headline at the top of this post to read it in full in your browser. Thanks for reading. 
"
Corona virus not in Utah but plenty of flu . 	" Something that has been getting a lot of news coverage nationally is the Chinese Corona virus. On KVNU’s For the People program on Tuesday, Keith Larsen, the Emergency Services director at Bear River Health Department said there is not one Corona virus case being treated in Utah.
“We certainly want to take this very, very seriously but there is no risk to anybody in our Bear River health district right now. We’ll take it seriously and we’ll work hard on insuring that people are safe, but right now things are going well, ” Larsen said.
He said public health is all about prevention. So for the respiratory diseases that are frequent this time of year, the prevention actions are all the same – avoid contact with sick persons(staying at least 6 feet away), avoid traveling while sick, cover your mouth and nose with your sleeve, and not your hand, when you cough or sneeze. As far as influenza in the area, Larsen said the cases are as high as they’ve been in six years and hospitalizations are being seen. He said he hopes people are getting the message about the importance of flu vaccines.
“I can tell you, back during the days of H1NI (virus) in 2009, in the three county area between our medical partners and ourselves, we vaccinated around 70-thousand people. Now in a regular flu season, we won’t get near that rate, because it’s just not as concerning. But the interesting thing is we’re running about 50 -50 right now, actually 58 – 42, with Influenza B, that’s the predominant strain that we’re seeing at 58 percent and Influenza A at 42 percent .”
Larsen said the influenza viruses are their own type while the Corona virus is more closely related to past outbreaks such as SARS and Middle East Respiratory Virus."
Corona Update from Beijing. 	"I have received so many worried messages from friends that I thought perhaps a proper blog was in order. I’ll give you a glimpse of my life here in Beijing especially now that the Corona Virus (capital letters intentional) has taken over as the omnipotent leader to whom all must bow…
Okay, there it is. My opinion has been revealed before I even begin this blog.
There is an incredible overreaction happening here. Yes, it’s a new strain of the coronavirus, but it spreads more quickly because it’s a lot less dangerous and 97-98% of the people who get it are going to live. It’ll be a rough couple of weeks of a severe flu (and we’ve all had them) that could lead to pneumonia (especially in older or immune-compromised people) but almost everyone will make it out of this health scare alive. The stats are clear. This article entitled “The Chinese Coronavirus is Not the Zombie Apocalpyse” summarizes my views quite nicely.
But how has that affected our lives in Beijing?
First of all, most public places like restaurants and bars (and certainly music venues) have been shut down. Because this fell during the Chinese New Year holiday (CNY), many of those places were already closed, so they just haven’t re-opened. That’s because the government has encouraged people not to have or participate in public gatherings of people (a very familiar government request, albeit for different reasons!). As a result, all tourism ground to a halt and, yes, all of my gigs got cancelled in February. Nice.
My kids were supposed to be back at school on Jan 28th. Instead, the school extended their school holidays until Feb 17th and I have a suspicion that this may get extended to the end of February. The teachers have scrambled to provide online and home-schooling materials, but I have to say that paying high costs for their international school education and then having to teach them MYSELF is a bit irritating. Managing the sheer volume of home-schooling instructions for two kids in different grades all on my own is enough to make my head spin. I feel for the teachers, but putting the pressure on the parents (or, in this case, parent ) to keep the kids on track is also not fair. Alas…
In terms of the feeling in general society, a constant barrage of social media instructional videos and articles on how to stay safe have pretty much resulted in a national state of panic. Everyone is told to stay home in isolation. Wash your hands constantly. Don’t touch anything that you don’t have to touch. Avoid unnecessary human contact.
The following picture made me laugh. Isn’t washing your hands supposed to cover all of this?
The vast subway system is a ghost town. A friend of mine took a train ride recently and sent me a photo of the strangely empty carriage (I’ve never seen an empty Chinese train). Hers was the only occupied seat. This is rather spooky in a city usually teeming with humanity.
No one is supposed to go out unless it’s an emergency. No “outside people” (外人) in your home. Don’t go and visit others because you’re not welcome. We’re told to order food and groceries online and to have all deliveries left outside the door. (I feel for those delivery people; are they less at risk or just more expendable? Hhm…)
And when a person goes out, if there is no mask covering our face than we are regarded as the contagion itself, ready to infect everyone. (Lots of evidence shows that a mask alone is not enough if there is human-to-human contact).
Hence this particular myth that a water bottle on the head is going to make sure you’ll catch nothing. Gotta hand it to these people who really just don’t give a crap what anyone thinks of them. Impressive social score for this, I say.
The kids are spending one day with me and then the next day with their grandparents. We are swapping the childcare every day at lunchtime. (Their dad visits about once a week). The poor kids aren’t allowed outside except to transfer houses between buildings and we’re living in the same apartment compound so it’s about 100 meters each day of outdoor access. The parks are deserted, so I argued that taking them there might be good for them.”Let them run around without contact with others in the bright clarity of day,” I said. But I was barked down by the Chinese side of this family dynamic. I can’t really blame them. They’re from a generation of folks who were raised to follow collective directives without questioning the logic or science behind them… Sigh.
Echo and Paz really want to play with their friends. At least they have each other, but it’s hard for them to wrap their little heads around all this. Video chatting with friends will start happening next week. Throughout all this, I’ve gotten to know some of their classmates’ parents (at least, electronically) and it seems all the kids are experiencing the same response to being holed up at home.
I recently tried to order my groceries online. The delivery service was all pre-booked until 36 hours after placing my order. Clearly those rarely-pitied delivery people are running ragged trying to keep up with this city’s demand for isolation. I had to get groceries in order to make dinner so I cancelled the online order and ventured out, mask securely fastened.
All of the big box grocery stores have been closed because they’re too large and this constitutes a crowd, but the small shop outside of our compound is open as well as the small foreign grocery store across the street. Admittedly, the shelves are slightly less stocked than before. That was a bit alarming.
I wasn’t the only one out and about, either. A handful of people with tight white masks strapped to their faces and darting eyes were skirting the edges of aisles, standing far back from everyone in front of them in the checkout line, and clearly eager to scuttle back to the stifling “protection” of their own home.
There’s been a shortage of masks in the country. One pharmacy got severely fined for upping the price of its prized collection of masks that were selling like hotcakes. I agree that it’s unethical to do that, but I had to laugh at yet another example of how a socialist capitalist system yields crazy contradictions in ethical modelling. Get rich quick in any way possible, China, unless it’s during a national virus scare! What were you thinking? (haha)
This mask shortage, however, has resulted in people using innovative methods to protect themselves when they’re out and about. The picture above is of a 95 year old man who also stated to the photographer that the fruit strapped to his face was good for his skin! Probably quite a pleasant smelling mask too!
The one below is just hilarious. I wonder if his wife knows about this…
Recently, I heard about several major airlines (including Air Canada) and their flight cancellations to the city. Many friends who left for the holidays are unable to get back to Beijing. Others who wanted to leave after schools were suspended have had outgoing flights cancelled and can’t leave. This kind of situation would be very stressful on a family, so I’m just grateful we are all where we were intending to be and together.
Speaking of which, about a week ago I had a huge family debate when my kids’ dad was insisting they be taken back to Shandong by their grandparents to their family’s home city to “protect” them. I argued that it wasn’t necessarily safer outside of the capital and if the city were to be on lock-down, they wouldn’t be able to get back and we wouldn’t be able to get to them. In the end, I won the argument and now stats show that there are actually more cases in their home province than there are in Beijing at the moment. So that sealed my victory. I’m so happy my kids are with me.
Nevertheless, I have moments when I’m not sure how I’m going to get through a month of this Corona Virus monarchy…. Or should I say, “monopoly”? It seems the only thing on people’s minds at the moment.
We are all healthy, just going stir crazy. It could be worse, though. I know that. Even with all my freelance work having vanished and the kids underfoot half the time, I’m finding silver linings. I’m cleaning the crap out of my apartment, for instance. I’m writing silly little songs (like the one above–this thing will forever change how I feel about the beer!) and collaborating with a few people musically (though not in the same space, of course–thank you technology!). I’m also doing another round of edits on my memoir. And, when the kids and I are together, we have been doing some fun things besides just school work. Those two are always my source of joy.
Overall, our lives in Beijing are much less restricted and scary than those in Wuhan. I’m sure the population in that city is experiencing much more in the way of social unrest. My heart goes out to them.
The shifted focus on China at this time, suspiciously during the impeachment hearings, and the overall racism about the “dirty East” that I have heard and felt since news about the virus has gone viral (!) simply make me scratch my head. China is so often vilified and it’s surely unfair in this case. No human wants to get sick.
Nevertheless, here are some questions being asked in group chats: Germ warfare? Political Distraction? Purposely leaked contagions for population control of the exploding elderly population in China?
I’m not kidding. The impossibility of securing their answers is the only guarantee here.
Oh, and we will be fine. We are strong. This virus will not take us or China down. Personally or nationally."
Vir Biotechnology Identifies Two Antibodies That Bind to the Spike Protein of 2019-nCoV, Newly Named as SARS-CoV-2. 	" Vir Biotechnology, Inc. (Nasdaq: VIR), a clinical-stage immunology company focused on immune approaches to treating and preventing serious infectious diseases, today announced that it has identified two monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) that bind to SARS-CoV-2 (previously known as “2019-nCoV”), which were originally found because they bind and neutralize the original SARS-CoV. The antibodies target the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein in the region that the virus uses to enter cells through the cellular receptor ACE2. Infection with SARS-CoV-2 causes the newly named disease, Covid-19.
“We are in the process of assessing neutralization with a pseudo-virus,” said George Scangos, Ph.D., CEO of Vir. “In addition, we are working with international partners to assess the capacity of these antibodies to neutralize the live virus, SARS-CoV-2.”
The company is moving ahead with research to determine if its antibodies, or additional antibodies that it may be able to identify, can be effective as treatment and/or prophylaxis against SARS-CoV-2. To that end, the company is exploring collaborations with a number of other companies and governmental agencies. Amongst these are specific efforts at accessing manufacturing capacity globally.
“We are pleased that, using the same platform that was used to isolate mAb114 which has proven to be active against Ebola, we have quickly identified antibodies with potential biological activity against SARS-CoV-2,” said Herbert “Skip” Virgin, M.D., Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer, Vir. “We are working as rapidly as possible and look forward to sharing more information as we have it.”
Vir identified these antibodies from an existing library of 20 fully human antibodies that bind and neutralize related coronaviruses, such as SARS-CoV and coronaviruses that infect animals. This library was built through a robust method for capitalizing on unusually successful immune responses naturally occurring in people who are protected from, or have recovered from, infectious diseases, including those caused by rapidly evolving and/or previously untreatable pathogens.
Antibody-based therapies are different from vaccines and have distinct attributes that may make them potentially valuable, particularly in pandemic settings:
Antibodies can be therapeutic and prophylactic, meaning they can be used as a treatment for people who have been infected and can also protect people who have been, or may be, exposed to infection. Whereas a vaccine requires an individual to make an immune response, which can take weeks and be insufficient, an antibody provides the immune response, which can be effective within hours of injection and is not dependent upon the individual making an immune response to the pathogen. Antibodies can be engineered to have an extended half-life of several months or more. Vir is investigating other approaches to identify additional potential therapies for SARS-CoV-2. In addition to testing these two antibodies, the company is also exploring the isolation of new antibodies specific for this virus using its antibody technology platform. These efforts may allow additional approaches to address this rapidly emerging public health epidemic.
About Vir’s Antibody Platform
Vir has a robust method for capitalizing on unusually successful immune responses naturally occurring in people who are protected from, or have recovered from, infectious diseases. The platform is used to identify rare antibodies from survivors that have the potential to treat and prevent rapidly evolving and/or previously untreatable pathogens via direct pathogen neutralization and immune system stimulation. Vir engineers the fully human antibodies that it discovers to enhance their therapeutic potential. This platform has been used to identify and develop antibodies for pathogens including Ebola (mAb114, currently in use in the Democratic Republic of Congo), hepatitis B virus, influenza A, malaria, and others.
About Vir Biotechnology
Vir Biotechnology is a clinical-stage immunology company focused on combining immunologic insights with cutting-edge technologies to treat and prevent serious infectious diseases. Vir has assembled four technology platforms that are designed to stimulate and enhance the immune system by exploiting critical observations of natural immune processes. Its current development pipeline consists of five product candidates targeting hepatitis B virus, influenza A, human immunodeficiency virus and tuberculosis. For more information, please visit www.vir.bio.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “potential” and similar expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on Vir’s expectations and assumptions as of the date of this press release. Each of these forward-looking statements involves risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release include statements regarding the company’s efforts to neutralize the SARS-CoV-2 virus and identify additional potential therapies for SARS-CoV-2, and its ability to address the emerging public health epidemic. Many factors may cause differences between current expectations and actual results including unexpected safety or efficacy data observed during preclinical or clinical studies, challenges in neutralizing SARS-CoV-2, difficulty in collaborating with other companies or government agencies, and challenges in accessing manufacturing capacity within China. Other factors that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements in this press release are discussed in Vir’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the section titled “Risk Factors” contained therein. Except as required by law, Vir assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations, even as new information becomes available."
Unlimited Knowledge : Definaction and Some tips to stay from Corona viruses. 	"Definaction and Some tips to stay from Corona viruses Corona viruses In the very simple word it can be said that, Coronaviruses viruses are a group of viruses that cause diseases in mammals and birds. In humans, the viruses cause respiratory infections which are typically mild, including the common cold and the novel coronavirus causing the current outbreak can be lethal. In cows and pigs they may cause diarrhea, while in chickens they can cause an upper respiratory disease. There are no vaccines or antiviral drugs that are approved for prevention or treatment. The death toll from a coronavirus outbreak in China passed 490 on Wednesday(5/12/2020). Across mainland China, there were 3,887 new confirmed infections, bringing the total accumulated number to 24,324. The name ""coronavirus"" is derived from the Latin corona, meaning crown or halo, which refers to the characteristic appearance of the virus particles (virions): they have a fringe reminiscent of a royal crown or of the solar corona. Apart from human beings, coronaviruses can affect mammals including pigs, cattle, cats, dogs, martens, camels, hedgehogs and some birds.So far, there are four known disease-causing coronaviruses ses, among which the best known are the SARS corona virus and the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) coronavirus, both of which can cause severe respiratory diseases. SOME TIPS TO STAY SAFE FROM CORONAVIRUS - 1. Wear gloves before you leave home and keep them on in public spaces. 2. If you have to remove your gloves in a social situation, do not touch your face or eyes afterwards. Wash your hands thoroughly with soap and warm water before you put your gloves back on. 3. Wash your gloves daily and avoid wearing damp gloves. 4. Put on a mask before leaving home and avoid using the same mask daily. Stay away from crowds and keep distance from individual people. 5. Do not shake hands or hug people. 6. Replace old bathroom and kitchen towels with clean towels and instruct everybody in your home to use their own towels. Regularly wash all towels and make sure to keep them dry. 7. Be mindful of not touching your face and wash your hands immediately after touching any object intended for public use. 8. Do not share spoons or cups. Wash all food and kitchenware thoroughly between meals and avoid restaurants that have poor hygiene practices. 9. Do not buy, slaughter, or consume any live animal or fish until it is known what species was the source of the virus."
Manager of medical supplies for Corona outbreak, young Wuhan pharmacist kills fatigue. 	"Home Lifestyle Health Manager of medical supplies for Corona outbreak, young Wuhan pharmacist kills fatigue Manager of medical supplies for Corona outbreak, young Wuhan pharmacist kills fatigue By 0 Jakarta –
A young pharmacist who helped fight the new corona virus (2019-nCoV) is said to have died of overwork. He was found dead in a dormitory by his colleague.
Based on information from The paper , a young pharmacist named Song Yingjie, and only 28 years old. He is the deputy head of the pharmaceutical group in a health center in the Henshang region.
He was responsible for the distribution of medical supplies and worked for 10 days and 9 nights, fighting to defeat the corona virus in Wuhan. On (3/1/2020), he finished his shift at 12 p.m. and returned to the inn to rest.
Unfortunately, his colleague finally found out that he was dead.
quoting World of Buzz Song Yingjie is said to have died from burnout, which caused a heart attack.
Even so, the responsible party continues to investigate this matter.

"
Cameroonian Survive Corona Virus Because of Melanin in China. 	"The Coronavuris is taking lives in china and is a called for concern as we need to survive while going about our daily business. The Coronavuris has affected business in china and we at ransbiz.com though we could keep you updated as it is n emergency call. We have a good number of our webste users in china and we hope you all stay safe. A facebook user by name Zanomoya KaTshatshu Mditshwa made the post below about Coronavuris in China.
OUR MELANIN IS OUR DEFENSE ""SENOU (pictured above) is a young Cameroonian student in China recently infected with # Coronavuris he was released from hospital this morning cured of the virus. Chinese doctors have confirmed that he remained alive because he has black skin, the antibodies of a black are 3 times strong, powerful,and resistant as that of a white. # Coronavirus killed more than 800 people at less than 1 month in China, not easy to survive this virus.
#237 # CAMEROON # Melanin # AFRICA "" This is a story shared with me by one of my friends from Sankofa. This is why the Caucasians is always at war with our black skin because they know our melanin is our defense against all that they throw at us. This proves yet again that the black man is indestructible, our bodies are made of the same substances that make up this Earth because we are owners of this universe they will never wipe us off, history has already proved that.
Do you think this could be a step to finding the treatment or vaccine for this virus? "
Rumored Buzz on corona virus flu. 	"AirAsia, among the top regional airlines in Asia, cancelled on Friday all flights to and from town of Wuhan, subsequent the Chinese governing administration's selection to put the town under lockdown.So far, above three,000 folks have been infected While using the virus and at the least 81 people have been killed by it. Those people thought of at risk of contracting the virus include Individuals who have lately traveled to Wuhan, China, or have occur into near connection with somebody now infected Using the virus.""Some large-earnings countries are very well at the rear of in sharing this critical knowledge with WHO. I do not Consider It is really given that they deficiency ability,"" he said.The United Nations health and fitness company introduced the choice right after unbiased experts put in two times assessing information about the distribute of your freshly identified coronavirus.""Dr Li Wenliang is usually a hero,"" one human being wrote, expressing concern that the government's handling of his honesty could scare other Chinese overall health specialists. ""Down the road, doctors are going to be far more fearful to concern early warnings whenever they obtain signs of infectious disorders.""But, commercial flights continue to return and go between the U.S. and China, plus the CDC said it had been presently evaluating if to limit the movement of passengers coming in on those flights.Whilst there are actually deaths, most people have had milder symptoms and are already discharged following cure.China performs a hugely essential globe purpose – and the results with the disaster may more info very well be choppy and Long lastingThe ministry also recommended in opposition to avoidable vacation in order to avoid metropolitan areas exactly where the virus is existing in China, to stop close connection with animals in the affected spots and never To combine closely with folks who exhibit symptoms of respiratory bacterial infections, whilst continuing to wash hands with soap and h2o.""The medical center, the Division of Wellbeing and native health and fitness officials are Doing work together to collect additional info. No definitive prognosis has become produced concerning the client. Being a precautionary measure, the medical center is subsequent all proper an infection Handle protocols.""China's senior Management acknowledged on Tuesday that there had been ""shortcomings and deficiencies"" in The federal government's reaction for the distribute of the lethal new coronavirus that originated in Hubei province.“We have to look at public health problems in a extremely relaxed, scientific way. In a method that doesn't scare men and women, but in a way that receives people today the specifics,” Johnson reported.(The expression ""novel"" refers to The truth that The present outbreak is due to a different strain of coronavirus.) The contaminated person at ASU experienced not too long ago returned from touring to Wuhan, China, which is the place the viral outbreak started.Meanwhile, China’s money regulators claimed they can suspend buying and selling within the Shanghai and Shenzhen inventory exchanges for a longer length of time after a long holiday as dread above the extent on the outbreak distribute."
Latest Corona Virus May Have Come From Snakes. 	"World wide, there are concerns of the new Coronavirus coming out of China.As new cases are reported, are we facing a new SARS-like outbreak. The key question is where did it come from? A new study provides important insights on the potential origins of the most recent outbreak of viral pneumonia in China, which started in the middle of December and now is spreading to Hong Kong, Singapore, Thailand, and Japan. The findings are published early online in the Journal of Medical Virology .
The study notes that patients who became infected with the virus were exposed to wildlife animals at a wholesale market, where seafood, poultry, snakes, bats, and farm animals were sold.
By conducting a detailed genetic analysis of the virus and comparing it with available genetic information on different viruses from various geographic locations and host species, the investigators concluded that the 2019-nCoV appears to be a virus that formed from a combination of a coronavirus found in bats and another coronavirus of unknown origin. The resulting virus developed a mix or “recombination” of a viral protein that recognizes and binds to receptors on host cells. Such recognition is key to allowing viruses to enter host cells, which can lead to infection and disease.
Finally, the team uncovered evidence that the 2019-nCoV likely resided in snakes before being transmitted to humans. Recombination within the viral receptor-binding protein may have allowed for cross-species transmission from snake to humans.
“Results derived from our evolutionary analysis suggest for the first time that snake is the most probable wildlife animal reservoir for the 2019-nCoV,” the authors wrote. “New information obtained from our evolutionary analysis is highly significant for effective control of the outbreak caused by the 2019-nCoV-induced pneumonia.”
With this evidence, mitigation measures can be put in place to prevent future occurrences of the 2019-nCov.
Reference: “Homologous recombination within the spike glycoprotein of the newly identified coronavirus may boost cross‐species transmission from snake to human” by Wei Ji, Wei Wang, Xiaofang Zhao, Junjie Zai and Xingguang Li, 22 January 2020 , Journal of Medical Virology ."
Top corona virus memes Secrets. 	Preliminary details implies that it might only be transmitted by means of prolonged publicity, but there’s still a whole lot well being officers don’t learn about the virus.As with any viral epidemic, widespread anxiety is resulting in conspiracy theories. One particular Reddit consumer said that for that past 4 hundreds of years, there has been a plague on the 20th 12 months.The results for 2 individuals who ended up becoming examined for your coronavirus at Flushing hospitals have return as detrimental, according to the Section of Health and fitness.“The economic affect from the novel coronavirus will rely upon how promptly it truly is contained and the confidence of the public from the authorities' power to consider helpful actions,” Imogen Site-Jarrett, analyst on the Economist Intelligence Unit, mentioned inside a note to consumers on Monday. “Even though the Original outbreak appears to have been lined up to some extent by the area authorities, the authorities are actually responding forcefully and in a more clear manner than they did during the SARS outbreak.However, the described cases and deaths are continually shifting and it’s as well before long to know exactly how major the disease is.The medical center stated it would not launch additional information about the girl as a result of affected individual privateness legislation.Most coronaviruses infect animals, but not individuals. In the future, one or more of those other coronaviruses could perhaps evolve and unfold to individuals, as has happened before. We however don’t realize why only selected coronaviruses can infect people.ship, which established sail from Bayonne in late January, was right up until Friday only one of not less than three get more info cruise ships globally in which passengers had been quarantined amid fears of onboard outbreaks in the disorder, that may unfold between human beings.Siddle family now in quarantine right after previous-minute permission to go away and 4-hour sprint across Hubei provinceHi binoid. It seems like your remark to r/worldnews was removed simply because you've been using a link shortener. Because of difficulties with spam and malware we don't permit shortened links on this subreddit.• Clean your fingers usually with soap and h2o for a minimum of 20 seconds. If cleaning soap and drinking water are not readily available, use an Alcoholic beverages-based hand sanitizer.You could possibly get lab checks, which include nose and throat cultures and blood get the job done, to determine irrespective of whether your cold was caused by a coronavirus, but there is not any purpose to. The examination results would not transform how you take care of your symptoms, which usually go away in a couple of days.The latest situation is often a person in Wisconsin who recently returned from Beijing, the place he came in contact with a coronavirus individual.The disease has shut down elements of China and triggered fears of a worldwide epidemic. At the moment, there isn't a remedy to the coronavirus.
Where are you getting information about the corona. 	"Where are you getting information about the coronavirus?
Information and technology are both playing a crucial role in tracking and monitoring cases of the coronavirus.
Technology is also playing a role in the spread of information – or disinformation – as authorities struggle to control the virus.
Aaron Langille, a computer science professor at Laurentian University, said one of the most challenging things to track is the contact infected people have with others.
""That's one of the most important sources of data when you're trying to get ahead of something that sort of in the epidemic status,"" Langille said. ""Is how do you figure out who those people that are currently infected were in contact with.""
Treating the coronavirus: improvising now, but with real hope on the horizon Chinese doctor who sounded the alarm about coronavirus dies from the illness The ultrastructural morphology exhibited by the 2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV), which was identified as the cause of an outbreak of respiratory illness first detected in Wuhan, China, is seen in an illustration released by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in Atlanta, Georgia, U.S. January 29, 2020. (Alissa Eckert, MS; Dan Higgins, MAM/CDC/) Airlines in particular were able to provide what Langille calls ""easy data""– the names of people on a plane who may have sat near an infected person.
""But when somebody goes to a market, or when children that are infected go to school, for example, some of those things aren't quite as easy to track.""
In the future, Langille said health providers may be able to track possible infections using RFID technology, similar to the RFID tags used in clothing to trigger security alarms.
""They've done a handful of studies, particularly in hospitals with medical practitioners, doctors, nurses, technicians and patients in various critical care units,"" Langille said.
""They'll put a tag on a practitioner, they'll put a tag on a patient and then they'll track how many interactions actually happen at close proximity, and the number is actually quite high,"" Langille said.
""They've done similar studies in controlled environments like high schools and universities, as well. And then they simulate sort of what an outbreak would look like and what those contact points would do.""
What we know so far about the coronavirus Truth decay: How digital technologies are helping shatter our shared sense of reality Aaron Langille is a professor of computer science and game design at Laurentian University in Sudbury. (Aaron Langille/Supplied) Researchers are also looking at cell phones as a way of tracking data, Langille said.
""If somebody shows positive signs of a particular pathogen [researchers] can look at their phone records and see exactly where they've been. Not just roughly, but sort of a G.P.S. location of everywhere that they've been in the last week, the last 48 hours.""
Apps, too, are being developed to help users keep track of their own symptoms and stay aware of possible locations where the virus is present.
""You pop in to the app, you write down your symptoms, you say 'I've been positively identified for'.. it could be as simple as the flu, or could be something more complicated.""
""Then that gets uploaded to a particular site or data center which can then be shared with other people to track the spread of whatever you happen to have reported,"" Langille said.
Laurentian U. professor pulls back the curtain on the economics of free video games Tech Matters How much privacy are you willing to give up for convenience, LU prof asks John Hopkins University is mapping real-time cases of the Coronavirus 2019-nCoV. (https://gisanddata.maps.arcgis.com/) Groups are already at work trying to map out the coronavirus and study its behaviour, he added.
""You can bet that there's a number of groups in centres that are looking at its spread and comparing it to models, so, computer-based simulations of the transmission of these kinds of pathogens, diseases and outbreaks to see whether or not it's tracking the way that they thought.""
The Center for Systems Science and Engineering (CSSE) at John Hopkins University has created a real-time tracking of coronavirus cases.
Langille said the idea behind inputting the right kinds of data is to integrate ""deep learning"" into following the virus' spread.
""If we have people that are in this densely populated metropolitan area, how fast do we expect it to spread, and also introducing things like travel patterns and environmental conditions, which have an impact as well.""
""In theory, the more data we feed into the model, the more accurate they get at predicting these kinds of things in the future.""
High-tech video game design prof in Sudbury still loves low-tech board games Tech Matters: Laurentian gaming prof gives tech hits, misses of the last decade"
Could this corona virus KO stocks?. 	"Everything was looking good for stocks — the US and Chinese economies were on the improve, a part-trade deal had happened, US company reporting season was better than expected, Iran as a global threat was lessening and the start for stocks in 2020 was historically huge!
But then along comes the coronavirus in China, with cases now showing up in the USA and Brisbane and stocks are nosediving!
This raises the question: could this be a black swan event that could rock stock markets and hurt the global economic recovery expected since the signing of the phase one trade deal between China and the USA?
Clearly, the severity of the outbreak will be important for answering this question and on first blush, the medical threat is not seen as deadly as the SARS virus. It’s hard to predict panic effects of something like a virus but in 2003 with SARS there were some big moves in stock markets in those countries close to the virus.
“Back then,” Bloomberg.com’s Eric Lam recalled, “shares of Hong Kong-based Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd. tumbled almost 30% from December 2002 to April 2003, before almost doubling through the next year after the crisis ended. SARS pushed Hong Kong’s economy into recession in the first half of 2003 before it rebounded significantly.”
Airlines and Asian tourism-related businesses will be under pressure until the severity of the virus is understood but in short-term, it breeds stock market uncertainty at a time when equity markets are at all-time highs. There are always profit-takers wondering when the time is right to sell and a curve ball event like this is a pretty predictable trigger.
I expect the local market won’t ignore these negative winds from overseas stock markets, especially as so many market indices are hovering around record highs.
Until there is certainty about this coronavirus, which can’t be good for the popular Mexican beer of nearly the same name, stock markets will be under pressure.
I suspect it will not be a trigger for anything dramatic but it could easily drive what many think is an overdue pullback for stocks.
That said, the more structural drivers of stock markets seem more likely to keep share prices elevated but come March or April, I could easily be telling you it might be time for profit-taking. The period between May and October is historically ordinary for stocks, while November to April is the opposite. As this CNBC chart shows:
Bottom line? Don’t give up on stocks because of the coronavirus, yet.
"
Sirnaomics Advances RNAi-Based Prophylactics and Therapeutics to Battle SARI Caused by 2019-nCoV. 	"Sirnaomics Inc. (""Sirnaomics""), a leading biopharmaceutical company in discovery and development of novel RNAi therapeutics, announced today that it has mobilized its research teams both in USA and China to develop novel RNAi-based prophylactics and therapeutics for treatment of patients suffering from Severe Acute Respiratory Infection (SARI) caused by the 2019 novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV).
Based on U.S. Centers for Disease Control (CDC), the outbreak of respiratory illness that is caused by a novel coronavirus (termed ""2019-nCov"") and was first detected in Wuhan City, Hubei Province , China , continues to spread. In addition to confirmed cases in multiple provinces in China (as of January 24, 2020 ), human-to-human infections with the virus have been confirmed in Thailand , Japan , Taiwan , South Korea , Singapore , Vietnam and USA . The total confirmed number of patients infected by 2019-nCoV is 929, with 26 deaths in Hubei Province , China .
The Sirnaomics R&D team has an established track record of using siRNA prophylactics and therapeutics to treat SARS coronavirus, H5N1 influenza and other respiratory viral infections, with multiple animal models including non-human primate. The team's expertise covers siRNA drug design (silencing the most critical viral genes), respiratory tract siRNA delivery formulation, large scale GMP drug production and clinical investigations. To fight against SARI caused by the 2019-nCoV infection, Sirnaomics team has already identified potentially potent siRNAs, specifically targeting the viral genes critical for the viral infection and replication. Collaborating with laboratories having cell culture models of 2019-nCoV infection, Sirnaomics expects to develop multiple siRNA drug candidates.
Patrick Lu , PhD, President and Chief Executive Officer of Sirnaomics, stated, ""This is a critical time for treating SARI caused by the 2019-nCoV to mitigate further spreading of the deadly disease. RNAi as a naturally evolved antiviral mechanism has been demonstrated in various in vitro and in vivo models. Our team's in-depth knowledge and experience using RNAi technology to fight respiratory viral infection in the previous SARS outbreak will add on to our antiviral weaponry to fight SARI. The unique siRNA drug design and chemical modification, respiratory specific siRNA delivery formulation, and the handheld nebulizer device are providing a clear pathway for developing novel siRNA therapeutics and prophylactics against 2019-nCoV infection.""
David Evans , Ph.D. Chief Scientific Officer of Sirnaomics, stated, ""Sirnaomics recognizes the need for rapid identification of a safe and effective way to treat this devasting disease. The process of developing siRNA therapeutics offers the advantage of rapid identification of druggable targets that could potentially impact the 2019-nCoV virus. Our R&D team is well positioned to contribute to developing a solution and potentially bring valuable treatment options to patients with this high unmet medical need. ""
About Sirnaomics , Inc.
Sirnaomics, Inc., a leading privately held biopharmaceutical company for discovery and development of RNAi therapeutics, is a Delaware corporation headquartered in Gaithersburg, Maryland , USA, with subsidiaries in Suzhou and Guangzhou, China . The company's mission is to develop novel therapeutics to alleviate human suffering and advance patient care in areas of high unmet medical need. The guiding principles of the company are: Innovation, Global Vision with a Patient Centered focus. Members of the senior management team have a great deal of combined experience in the biopharmaceutical industry, financial, clinical and business management in both the USA and China . The Company is supported by funding from institutional investors and corporate partnerships. Sirnaomics has developed a strong portfolio of intellectual property with an enriched product pipeline. The therapeutic areas of focus include oncology and anti-fibrotic therapeutics. "
Corona and the Chinese ambassador’s Holocaust chutzpah. 	"China’s acting ambassador to Israel came under well-deserved fire this week for invoking the Nazi genocide of the Jews to criticize Jerusalem’s preventive measures against the spread of the coronavirus. Representatives from the Israeli emergency medical services’ organization Magen David Adom pack boxes of protective gear, responding to a request by Chabad to help communities in China amid the coronavirus outbreak, February 2020. Credit: Courtesy.
At a press conference in Tel Aviv on Sunday, Dai Yuming said that he felt “bad and sad” over the “errors to limit or even ban entries of Chinese citizens” into Israel “because it actually recalled me the old days, the old stories that happened in World War II, the Holocaust. Many Jewish were refused when they tried to seek assistance. Only very, very few countries opened their doors. One of them is China. I hope Israel will never close their door to the Chinese. In the darkest days of the Jewish people, we didn’t close the door on them. I hope Israel will not close the door on the Chinese.”
Dai’s comments could not have been more outrageous.
The outcry that they unleashed in the press and on social media spurred the Chinese embassy in Israel to express regret. In a statement issued to the Israeli Foreign Ministry, Beijing’s diplomatic mission basically claimed that its representative’s words had been misconstrued.
“[W]e would like to clarify that there was no intention whatsoever to compare the dark days of the Holocaust with the current situation and the efforts taken by the Israeli government to protect its citizens,” the statement read. “We would like to apologize if someone understood our message the wrong way.”
Really. As though it would have been possible to interpret it as anything but what it was: an accusation that Israel was turning its back on victimized men, women and children under threat of annihilation in their country of origin, and a plea for the Jewish state and its citizens to remember how that particular type of rejection felt during World War II.
The chutzpah is startling, though not surprising, given the regime that Dai serves. You know, the one that commits Nazi-like atrocities against members of its society with impunity—and without batting an eyelash. Ruthie Blum/JNS
These barbaric acts include the holding of more than 1 million Muslims in concentration camps, where they are subjected to torture, forced organ removal and abortions , among other medical “experiments.”
Talk about the wok calling the kettle black.
Indeed, on the one hand, Dai was engaging in the all-too-common practice of singling out Israel for condemnation while the rest of the world’s countries, particularly his own, not only have been scrambling to contain the deadly virus, but are adopting policies to keep it from continuing to permeate borders. On the other, he was being a loyal Communist diplomat, spewing strategic propaganda with a purpose, part of which is to deflect from some inconvenient truths.
Among these is Beijing’s desperate attempt to downplay the number of its citizens who have contracted the virus and lie about the death toll. This is clear from the way in which huge swaths of the population are forbidden from leaving their homes without face masks—which have all but run out due to the demand that outweighs the supply—and arrested violently by police if they fail to do so.
In stark contrast, Israel is trying to be both proactive and productive. Where the former is concerned, Chinese citizens landing at Ben-Gurion International Airport are sent back home (or elsewhere), and Israelis returning from China are required to remain under self-imposed house quarantine for two weeks.
As for the latter: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has tasked Israel’s Institute for Biological Research and Health Ministry with developing a vaccine for the coronavirus. Of course.
Meanwhile, at the request of Chabad in China, Magen David Adom —Israel’s national emergency and ambulance service—sent 2,000 face masks and 200 full-body protection kits to the People’s Republic. Natch.
Dai, his embassy staff and the regime in Beijing should be bowing to Israel, not pretending to rue outlandish remarks about the Holocaust."
Overseas South Koreans report discrimination on corona virus panic. 	"Korean chef and popular YouTuber Gabie Kook, who lives in the UK, said she experienced racism while dining out with some Korean friends.
“So we were just eating and the waiter came up and asked us if we were Chinese,” she said in a video on her YouTube channel. “There are lot of people who have asked me that before. So I said, ‘Oh no, we are Korean.’”
The waiter said: “Oh you know, I was worried because of the virus. But aren’t Korea and China really close?”
When Kook answered that Korea and China were indeed close, the waiter angered the group even further by saying, “It’s close anyway, so aren’t you the same?”
“Because of that question, I was fine until that point but everything got so awkward,” she said. “I thought people could easily make those judgments the moment they see us. So I got very uncomfortable.”
Kook is not alone in feeling uncomfortable lately. Many victims of the new respiratory disease have never been anywhere near Wuhan, the Chinese city where the virus is believed to have originated. In fact, a growing number of people from the Asian diaspora in Europe and America are facing xenophobic remarks due to the color of their skin.
The death toll from the new coronavirus, officially called the 2019 novel coronavirus or 2019-nCov, is 490 in mainland China, with one additional fatality in Hong Kong and one in the Philippines. There are now 24,505 confirmed cases across more than 25 countries around the world, stoking fears about growing anti-Asian sentiment.
Tottenham Hotspur’s striker Son Heung-min also became a target on social media Sunday, for coughing during an interview after the team’s victory against Manchester City.
When the Korean striker, who scored the decisive second goal during the game, coughed a little during an interview with fellow teammate Steven Bergwijn, people took it as an opportunity to make racial slurs online. “When he coughed, I felt the coronavirus,” one user said. Others said, “Son is spreading corona.” Another said, “Steven will be infected with virus now.”
One Korean man, who wished to remain anonymous, said he was riding a train in Germany, where he has lived for more than 10 years, when some teenagers called him a “virus” and made racist remarks while coughing loudly, thinking he couldn’t understand German.
“I am becoming hyperaware of my ethnicity even more these days,” said Kim Jung-in, a 35-year-old Korean who lives in the US. “I feel like even a little cough or sneeze is eliciting attention at some places I go.”
Major institutions are also facing criticism for discriminatory practices.
Rome’s Santa Cecilia Conservatory, one of the oldest and most prestigious music institutes in the world, is under fire for telling students of “oriental” descent — specifically Chinese, Japanese and Koreans — not to come to class until they had undergone a mandatory doctor visit confirming they didn’t have the virus.
UC Berkeley, a US university known for its sizable Asian population of around 30 percent, is facing backlash after an offensive Instagram post on its University Health Services account.
Last week, the center released a post listing “xenophobia: fears about interacting with those who might be from Asia and guilt about those feelings” as a “common reaction” to the coronavirus outbreak.
“Please recognize that experiencing any of these can be normal,” the school wrote in the post, including other possible reactions, such as “social withdrawal,” “anger” and “panic.”
Following the outcry, the post was deleted and the school apologized for “any misunderstanding it may have caused.”
People online are calling for an end to prejudice against people of Asian descent, with the hashtag “I am not a virus” circulating online."
Curing Corona virus. 	Cancer Cure explores a perspective and revolutionary new treatment for cancer: high-intensity ultrasound, a noninvasive but promising new treatment that is being studied as a way to treat all cancers and could even cure in just one application. Author Dr. Jon Thomason shares research from the Moffitt Cancer Center, which pioneered research into this application of ultrasound, and he explains both how ultrasound works and how, more importantly, it can be used to as a treatment for cancer. Chemotherapy and surgery are not the only options for patients suffering from cancer. Ultrasound is a promising new alternative that could offer a noninvasive treatment without the debilitating side-effects of radiation and surgery. Certificate of registration The US library of congress has just registered 'Ultrasound – Cheap Home Cure To All Cancers' TX 8-659-428 Is as simple as curing SARs! ½ minute of e.g. 8 W 1 MHz ultrasound to either side of the chest. Cure to all viruses instantly! A suitable medically licensed HIUS device is an ultrasound massage device.Costing under 20 UK pounds over the Internet.In 2002 three medical professors from the Moffitt cancer centre demonstrated that one application of High Intensity UltraSound cleared cancer. Registered doctors around the world had to buy an 8 W three MHZ ultrasound device from the Moffitt, to validate the new medicine.Or they were struck off and barred from all subsequent medical practice June 2002. Global doctors found that HIUS cleared all 200 types of cancer out there. Making prescription of biochemical treatments, chemo or radio therapies or cancer surgery criminal medicine.Striking off all doctors the first time they used defective medicine. They also not allowed to research or teach defective medicine. Making all medical students taught cancer drugs since 2002, invalid ever to become registered doctors.All subsequent medical practice criminal. $16,000,000 as a fine, and 25 years in high security jail without wages, pensions or parole for every patient medicated to death. As there prescriptions now legally invalid! As is there medical practice.The 2002 paper covered the cure of all viruses using the same Medical Technology. And 2012 my contact in New York tried HIUS for ½ minute to each side use chest, and cured his AIDs. All aids now cured! Without a Dr., Hospital, nurse or drug company involved.All global drug company is have continued with the manufacture and sale are defective cancer drugs. So all removed from their medical register. The killing illegal medical companis! Although drug patents void.The same HIUS regime, ½ minute of e.g. 8 W 1 MHz ultrasound, to either side of the chest clears all viral and bacterial infections. The prescription of fungal antibiotics or symptomatic treatments, became criminal and defective medicine 18 years ago.The prescribing doctors all lost medical registration and Health Insurance 2002. Making continued medical practice impossible or anti illegal! All company is can sue the Dr. For $16,000,000, for every patient medicated to death. The law firms get $160,000.AMA, GMC and other National Medical registers have gone on legal record, saying they will not defend contravention of the doctors basic Hippocratic Oath. How interesting that the am registered doctors now it's where the less rigorous Lasagn pledge.And applying defective medicine this into the patients two year decline to inevitable death, is to do massive medical harm! Those contravening even the Lasagn pledge.So all hewel based lus treatments, are defective medicine. 1 minute of HIUS will totally clear all infections. It cured SARs, and also to nly clear Corona virus. Another member of the SARs family of viruses.Every registered Dr. around the world has a personally validated 8 W three MHZ ultrasound device. That will cure totally any cancer. Cancer drug prescription has been criminal medicine for 18 years.Lus every global Dr. Can cure Corona in 1 minute! With a single buzz of ultrasound. Ultrasound will even cure HIV AIDs. The most pernicious viral infection ever.Corona is so not a problem! Set up in by red cameras at air ports, and give Germany is travellers a quick buzz of ultrasound, if they have an infection and display erased temperature.HIUS is totally harmless. Just gave HIUS to every Chinese air travellor. Corona is so not a problem.The person's own immune system secrete and actions the human antibody to clear Corona. Pills of this drug produce in Vietnam, will cure other individuals are Corona. They are outside patent protection. Which China does not recognise anywhere!So a 67 UK pence to cure any individual of Corona. Newspapers, how about telling the world this! And saving lives.
Corona Virus. 	"Hello, today I wanna simply talk about how to prevent Corona virus with you. This new virus is a definitely hot issue in whole world. It is from China.
I'm not sure how they occur. But there is highest possibility about its origin. l I've heard China people usually eat raw animals such as a bat or small mice. Yeah, it is a little bit disgusting. They insist it is their own culture though. Even somebody can say Korea can also eat a dog. It is same. But I don't think so. Maybe eating food is culture. But eating 'raw' food is not a culture. It should be changed. There are a lot of bacteria and something harmful for human in raw animal. We can get out of them with boiling or cooking. But if you eat them in RAW, it should be very dangerous. Although it is the culture, we better stop if it is clear the culture would make us harm. Anyway, eating raw animal is the one of the reason why this virus happen. That’s why corona virus attacks us.
China coronavirus-2nd confirmed case

​"
People Think You Get Coronavirus from Corona Beer, And It’s So Sad. 	"In thousands of reportage about coronavirus, there is bad news, there is good news, and then there is this news.
Ever since the novel coronavirus made headlines in December 2019, a number of people have been confused, thinking the disease is somehow related to a popular brand of beer: Corona.
Results on Google Trends show a disturbing number of people have looked up “Corona Beer Virus” and “Beer Virus” since December. On January 25, some 100 people around the world looked up “Beer Virus,” while 88 looked up “Corona Beer Virus”.
The Philippines is among the top countries that searched for the two keywords, placing 13th on the list after the United States and Australia. Meanwhile, memes about Corona Beer and coronavirus are circulating on social media.
Stand with Corona #CoronaBeer pic.twitter.com/02dNpKMsYO
— Anasse Azzaoui (@AzzaouiAnasse) January 29, 2020 According to Google, searches related to coronavirus have spiked more than a thousand times in January. Below are some of the most searched terms about the disease.
 Global search interest for “coronavirus symptoms” has spiked +1,050% this week. ???? Here are the top searched questions in the past 24 hours. #coronavirus #GoogleTrends pic.twitter.com/bPVsL3hCYW
— GoogleTrends (@GoogleTrends) January 21, 2020 For the sake of people googling “Corona Beer Virus” and “Beer Virus,” we decided to answer some of these questions.
1| What is coronavirus? It is a family of viruses that includes SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) and MERS (Middle East respiratory syndrome), so called because of the spikes on the surface of the virus, which seems to form a corona or crown. The current novel coronavirus that originated from Wuhan, China is a new strain.
2| Is coronavirus deadly? The currently spreading novel coronavirus is highly infectious and has killed 170 people as of this writing. Yes, it is deadly.
3| Where does coronavirus come from?
Not from Corona or beer. Scientists think the novel coronavirus is a strain that jumped from snakes to humans, according to a study published in the Journal of Medical Virology . The virus has since mutated to be able to pass from human to human through coughing and sneezing.
4| Where does Corona Beer come from? Corona is produced in Mexico and is the top-selling imported beer in the United States. In the Philippines, Corona is available in groceries and convenience stores nationwide."
Corona cured 2002. 	That year three medical professors from the Moffitt cancer centre there first use of high intensity ultrasound clear cancer. This works for all 200 types of human cancer out there. Had just for animal size, and he also clear all animal cancers.To divide and grow and in the human body, cancers and viruses are forced to use a single cell methods of replication. Multi cellular body cells will only divide in this way, if they have a non native inflated cell structure.Both bacterial and viral infections turn on the enzymes to make sells inflated. Viruses then copy their own genome, bacteria are copied by the over helpful you an immune system, and given a minimal cell wall.As I told Sheffield University 2001, ultrasound sets off nuclear fusion in liquid water. 1H2O+US->He2++O++3e-+E2With inflated cells in the human body, external application of high intensity ultrasound will cause the cell to experience molecular nuclear fusion. 2H2O+P+HIUS->He+O+E2Every registered Dr. In the world had to acquire a HIUS device, an validate the new medicine. It was a physical cure to all viruses and cancers out there.Doctors who did not validate the new medicine, ceased to V registered doctors on their first prescription of the defective cancer and viral drugs from the 20th century.With MS are was outbreak of 2003, I sent the idea of giving an immune drip of interleukin 2 and 4, to infected patients. SARs was totally cured overnight.If we apply e.g. 8 W 1 MHz ultrasound at home, for ½ minute to each side of the chest, all viral infection cells in the lungs will boil and pop. No Dr., Hospital, nurses, pharmacists, drugs and the biochemical drug company is allowed to apply defective medicine.Cancer and viral drugs became just such defective medicine June 2002. Andi every registered Dr. on earth validated the new medicine! There is no legal argument. Every Dr. Validated that HIUS cured all infections the tried it on.The prescription of cancer drugs has been criminal medicine for 18 years. 2020 and we now have an outbreak of the virus Corona in China.Every registered Dr. In China knows from personal experience, that HIUS cures all viral infections. 2012 my contact in New York validated it cures HIV AIDs. This idea has circle the globe, and HIV has ceased to exist!It will certainly clear Corona are. Xi Janping must ensure that every Chinese Dr. Uses their HIUS device, to clear Corona.People are now buying their own ultrasound device, and curing viruses at home. Doctors protest, totally incorrectly, that they can not cure viruses.Year each and every registered Dr. on earth has a validated that HIUS clears cancers and viruses. It will also clear all bacterial infections. Antibiotic tolerance has no relevance.1 minute of HIUS, and all bacterial infections will ever exist, are cured. Yet somehow 2020, drug company is will suddenly announce a new or bacterial epidemic. Probably in Asia again!That HIUS clears all viral and bacterial infections. Prescribing biochemical drugs to Corona are infected patients, is fatal medical malpractice.Striking off the Dr., and support staff. Who will then all undergo criminal trial for first degree medical murder. And obviously be struck off from all medical activity for life.Dangerous murderers. Not health givers! So Corona is curable at home. And and drug companies hate it. A one session physical cure to all human diseases. No drugs or Dr. Involved.If Xi Jinping, the Chinese emperor, does not want to go down in history as a bigger mass murderer then even Mao se T'ung, he must ensure that every Dr. In China uses HIUS.To totally clear Corona in a day. A massive healthy and in 2020. Drug company is are fighting to stop people using life giving HIUS. Although drug patents are now void. There medical activity criminal.
Postcard from Bali – corona diaries. 	"Since I last posted, the World Health Organisation has decreed that the coronavirus outbreak is a global emergency. Yep, I’d agree with that, but thus far Bali, where we’re staying, has reported no cases, suspected or confirmed.
That might change, especially as a couple of nights ago a guy in the next room exploded into a coughing and sneezing fit on his balcony. We immediately went into calculation mode. How far does a sneeze reach? Would the potentially noxious vapours reach our balcony? How long do they hang around in the air before subsiding to the vegetation below? Would the towels we hung out to dry be impregnated? What about the furniture?
It’s probably relevant – at the risk of being accused of racism – to point out that the guy in question “looked Chinese”. So here’s a question. Someone who “looks Chinese” starts sneezing violently within metres of your space. Do you speak to him to express concern? Do you speak to the hotel to let them know that one of their guests is displaying alarming symptoms, of what you know not? Or do you do nothing, because you don’t want to appear racist?
We chose option 2. I felt like a snitch – a bit like one of those informers in authoritarian countries who turn in their neighbours for some imaginary offence. But in a country desperate to keep the coronavirus at bay, respiratory problems are not an offence. They’re a potential health hazard.
To their credit, the hotel did take action. They spoke to him and asked him to wear a face mask. They offered to move us to another room, which we have not yet decided to do. It turns out that the person in question is indeed Chinese. He is apparently a Hong Kong resident. He speaks no English, so the hotel is bringing an interpreter to speak to him in some detail. So if I’d spoken to him, it would have been in sign language, which might have resulted in unintended offence.
Was I racist in suspecting that the person was from China? You decide.
Yesterday my wife and I had cause for a different concern. I was sitting on the balcony and she was inside on the bed. Suddenly my armchair appeared to be moving from side to side. Thinking my eustachian tubes were having an off day, I didn’t stand up screaming in panic. But then my wife called out to tell me that the bed was moving. Only slightly, but noticeably. Oh shit, we thought. Earthquake! Worse still, tsunami.
Bali is in an earthquake zone, so such an event was not impossible. But nobody else was running around in a panic, no masonry was flying around, so we assumed that we’d felt a minor tremor. We were also comforted by the fact that the area outside our room was a designated tsunami assembly area.
It turns out that there was an earthquake yesterday in Indonesia, though some was away from Bali, in Southern Sumatra. The magnitude was 4.9, which isn’t particularly serious. According to a website called earthquaketrack , there have been ten earthquakes of a similar strength across Indonesia over the past nine days, and three in the past twenty-four hours.
So is Mother Earth gearing up for a big one? Oh well, at least it would be a distraction from the bloody coronavirus. If the virus doesn’t get you, the earthquake will. Time for the British stiff upper lip, and a survey of the room to find the best place to shelter. Under the mattress, most likely.
We’re also keeping a close eye on events in Thailand. We’re due in Phuket in ten days’ time. So far, no coronavirus cases have been confirmed on the island. The Bangkok Post reports that 70% of the Chinese people who normally visit at this time of year are absent. Ten days is more than enough time for new cases to become obvious, so if it turns out that Phuket is falling victim to a substantial outbreak, we’ll consider our options.
If things start getting interesting here, I’ve half a mind to ask a friend, who lives nearby and is a spiritual healer, about whom I wrote a year ago , whether he can summon the spirits to provide us some immunity. Just a thought, although yesterday there was a mass prayer event in Kuta, presumably intended to have the same effect. When in Bali do as the Balinese.
Our Chinese neighbour has been moved to another room, away from neighbours. I hope he’s okay, obviously for more reasons than self-preservation. What his compatriots in mainland China are going through warrants compassion, not condemnation."
Flu Death Frenzy + Corona Craziness = What? says Dr. Harte. 	"Dr. Don Harte, noted chiropractic activist and former Libertarian State Senate candidate, is ""extremely concerned about unsubstantiated reports of flu deaths, along with lack of public health response to Chinese viral threat.""
Dr. Harte says, ""It seems that our so-called public health officials are deliberately creating fear, and hoping for panic. They are ginning up fears of the flu, combined with a possible corona virus epidemic.
""I am deeply concerned about what others may be relieved about,"" Dr. Harte admits. ""Reports are coming in of corona virus vaccines being rushed to completion and then production, via new technology.""
Dr. Harte declares, ""New technology seems exciting to some, but in Medicine, it's Russian roulette. Who knows the ramifications, both in safety and efficacy, of this totally novel vaccine for a novel virus? The regular vaccines create enough serious health problems.""
""A fascinating, and scary part of this blossoming health problem is that CDC officials are saying, at least for the moment, that influenza, the flu, is a far more serious threat to Americans than the corona virus. What we have here,"" comments Dr. Harte, ""is fear from the corona virus being used, very deliberately, to increase fear of the flu virus, and, thereby, increase sales of the mostly ineffective and definitely risky flu vaccine.""
""Perhaps the most serious issue,"" Dr. Harte notes, ""is the believability of the CDC. It has 'cried wolf' far too many times, and continues to do so. For years, the CDC has claimed that the flu kills 36,000 a year in this country. Last flu season, all of a sudden, they claimed 82,000.""
""We can only know,"" Dr. Harte says, ""what's going on in China and around the world with the new corona virus through news reports. We all know, from personal life experience, that no one we knew ever died from the flu, while everyone we know has had the flu, many several times. Only the already very sick and feeble ever end up in the hospital. Yes, boys and girls, the CDC is lying. Their quasi-statistical trick,"" according to Dr. Harte. ""is combining flu deaths with pneumonia deaths. Take away pneumonia, and you're left with a few hundred deaths a year in a nation of 320 million. The obvious conclusion? Influenza, the flu, is not a dangerous, fatal disease.""
Dr. Harte warns, ""When the corona vaccine comes out, watch out for an all-out fear campaign, from state, federal and international sources. If that vaccine will be as ineffective and dangerous as the flu vaccine, I wouldn't trust it.""
""Finally,"" explains Dr. Harte, ""the best way to avoid the flu, the corona virus, or any infectious disease, is to get healthy. Eat well, exercise, rest appropriately, and get your nervous system free of interference by regular chiropractic care. Your nervous system runs your immune system, so take care of it! The best way to get the flu is to get a flu shot."" Dr. Harte wonders, ""It might work the same way for the coming corona virus vaccine. So why do it?""
Dr. Don Harte, former medical student, is a principled, traditional chiropractor serving Marin and the Greater Bay Area since 1981. He is an activist in the struggle for free speech for chiropractors. Dr. Harte was named 2006 ""Chiropractor of the Year"" by the World Chiropractic Alliance (WCA). He has served on the Boards of the WCA and the Council on Chiropractic Practice. His articles have been published in OMNI magazine, San Francisco Chronicle, Chiropractic Journal and Journal of the California Chiropractic Association.
MEDIA CONTACT
Dr. Harte
o: (415)460-6527
c: (415)847-9678
harteofchiropractic@gmail.com"
Where corona virus came from?. 	"It start from Shanghai, China. (based on true story) In China’s wet markets, where shoppers mingle in narrow spaces with everything from live poultry to snakes, are seen as a key reasons for the spread of dangerous infection.
Shanghai, there’s 60’old women that was shopping at one of China’s wet market, where sales of freshly slaughtered, unpackaged meat have become the focus of an investigation into an outbreak of a potentially deadly virus.
Wuhan’s Wet Market This virus that know as 2019-nCov was first found in people who shopped or worked at a wet market in the central city of Wuhan. The pathogen may have been transmitted to humans from live animals sold there.
China has made strides in monitoring and detecting infectious diseases. But even if the market sat off potentially deadly contagious, it still remain popular and a part of citizen lives.
“Freshly killed hens are much better than frozen meat in supermarkets, if you want to make a perfect chicken soup” – Ran "
The corona virus could come to Germany as a severe flu wave. 	"After new cases of the new Sars-CoV-2 coronavirus, it is still not clear how the outbreak will develop. The chance that the virus can still be contained in China is still there, but it is getting smaller every day. Some researchers believe that we are already in the early stages of a pandemic, such as Neil Ferguson from Imperial College London.
Charité virologist Christian Drosten also says that one has to be prepared for a pandemic. But what does that mean? What would it look like if the virus spreads further in Germany?
Pandemic sounds like death and destruction. After the Spanish flu, for example, the 1918 probably more than 50 millions of people fell victim. But not every pandemic is so devastating. If the new virus spreads in Germany, this could also become noticeable as a flu wave, which is a cold for most and only becomes life-threatening for some.
If a Covid – 19 – If a pandemic should come, the country is currently most likely to be suffering from a severe flu outbreak, said the President of Robert Koch Institutes, Lothar Wieler, on Thursday evening in Berlin. And for this scenario, there is a lot that speaks so far about Sars-CoV-2. From throat to throat
The most important point is that the virus can obviously reproduce quite well in the throat. “This is a big difference to Sars,” Drosten also said on Thursday. Initially, because of the similarity of the new corona virus to the Sars pathogen, researchers had assumed that the new virus would also multiply, especially in the deeper airways. This is because there are important binding sites that apparently use both the Sars corona virus and Sars CoV-2 to slip into the cells. Christian Drosten, Director of the Virology Institute at the Berlin Charité. Photo: Britta Pedersen / dpa “A virus like this has to be inhaled into the lungs, and that's a long way to go,” said Drosten. With influenza, however, the virus multiplies in the throat. Researchers believe that is precisely why the flu is spread so easily. Because the way from throat to throat is not as far as from lungs to lungs.
“Based on initial patient observations, we now suspect that the novel coronavirus is also multiplying in the throat, as is the case with influenza.” said Drosten. Even in early infected patients, the virus can regularly be isolated from throat swabs in the laboratory. An important key figure is still missing There is yet another point that the virus could trigger a flu-like pandemic: the mortality from the pathogen. According to Drosten, data outside of China indicated that the chances of dying from the viral disease were in the 0.2 percent range. This is similar to the typical influenza pandemics of 1957 or 1968. Even if the information is still “very woodcut-like”, it is an overall picture, “which now indicates a course similar to a flu pandemic, even if it becomes a pandemic.”
To find out how quickly the virus can spread, however, scientists need further information from China – for example the “attack rate”. This epidemiological figure shows how many of the people who can be infected have actually been infected. It is also used to predict the number of victims from an epidemic. This helps to provide resources for medical care and to produce vaccines and medicines.
Drosten hopes that this measure will soon be derived from the outbreaks outside of China. One communicates intensively with these countries, said RKI boss Wieler. China itself is “extremely challenged with this huge outbreak and is certainly not in a position to deliver all possible figures now”. “There is no culprit”
Like all countries outside of China, one is currently in the containment phase, said Wieler. That means you want to prevent long-lasting infection chains in the population. So far there have been cases in Germany 16, of which 14 due to the infection by a Chinese employee of the automotive supplier Webasto. Infections that do not originate in China are not yet known.
“So far there has been optimism that containment can keep the spread of the virus at bay,” said Wieler. But of course you can't promise that.
“At some point it will probably happen that unnoticed infections are suddenly noticed,” said Drosten. The most important thing then is to make it clear that there is no culprit and nothing to scandalize. “This is a natural phenomenon.” “We want to save time and decouple” Even in the USA, it would not be possible to prevent “the virus from entering our country”, said Peter Redfield, director of the American Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the online portal Stat. But you can save time by extending the containment phase as much as possible.
RKI boss Wieler is also counting on this: “A major goal that we currently have is to decouple these two waves – the current wave of influenza and the corona virus that may come.” That is why they are so reliant on containment outside of China. “We want to save time and decouple,” said Wieler. This is to prevent the health system from being overwhelmed. Lothar Wieler, President of the Robert Koch Institute . Photo: Britta Pedersen / dpa
As soon as infection chains occur in Germany that don't As a result of contact with China, experts believe that the containment of the virus has failed. Then you could assume that the virus made it into the population and you would have to change the strategy.
Then the focus would no longer be on containing the outbreak elsewhere, but on mitigating its consequences. For most people only one cold If the new corona virus really started a second wave of influenza, it would be difficult to maintain normal supply, said Drosten. Planned surgeries may then have to be postponed because intensive care beds that are actually needed for surgical patients are full. In addition, the health offices, which are sparsely staffed, would then be “completely overloaded”. “Doctors' offices will be full of patients and normal patients with other diseases will have to wait,” said Drosten.
The virologist does not see any reason to panic: “We have zero risk in Germany at the moment Population”. It is important to inform yourself and to deal with it. For the vast majority of patients, the infection – if it did come – will appear as a cold.
And in contrast to influenza, preliminary data shows that children are infected but “practically not” become more seriously ill. Pregnant women are also not particularly affected – this is also a major problem with influenza. According to the current status, the risk groups of pneumonia due to the new coronavirus mainly include older and previously ill patients, men more than women.
“All of this is available knowledge,” said Drosten. He thinks it makes more sense to use this knowledge to prepare for a possible wave of illness than to “look spellbound at China, where things happen with dramatic television pictures that are still very small extracts from reality”."
Vaxil Announces the Identification of a Potential Corona Virus Vaccine and Provides an Update in the Previously Announced Debt Financing. 	" VAXIL BIO LTD. ("" Vaxil "" or the "" Company "") (TSX VENTURE: VXL), an innovative immunotherapy biotech company specializing in cancer and infectious diseases, is pleased to announce that it has completed in silico analyses and believes that it has successfully identified a corona virus (COVID-19) vaccine candidate ("" Vaccine Candidate ""). The Vaccine Candidate is based on unique and patent protected signal peptide technology, utilizing Vaxil's proprietary VaxHit™ bioinformatics platform. The Vaccine Candidate's design is also based on successful in vivo experiments testing a tuberculosis signal peptide vaccine.
""We are very excited to have been able to isolate a preliminary candidate that might address the current and emerging need in such a short time,"" said David Goren, Vaxil's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, who went on to say that ""we look forward to the next step of identifying resources and partners to solidify the most efficient path forward.""
Mr. Goren continued to explain that ""we have identified signal peptide combinations which we believe can be effective as a prophylactic vaccine against the current corona virus and might also demonstrate therapeutic value in the future.""
Vaxil plans to initiate non-GMP manufacturing followed by testing as we explore partnerships and other possibilities.
Vaxil also wishes to announce that it anticipates that the private placement previously announced on January 20, 2020, pursuant to which the Company will be issuing convertible debentures with a face value of $1,000 and bearing an annual interest rate of 10% for gross proceeds of up to $200,000 will close on or around February 28, 2020.
ABOUT VAXIL Vaxil is an Israeli immunotherapy biotech company focused on its novel approach to targeting prominent cancer markers and infectious diseases. Its lead product ImMucin™ successfully completed a Phase 1/2 clinical trial in multiple myeloma and received orphan drug status from the FDA and EMA. The company continues to develop ImMucin™ and is also developing a tuberculosis vaccine / treatment that has demonstrated promising preliminary results with further preclinical evaluation underway at a top US academic and research institution. Additional indications and mAb candidates are under evaluation as immuno-oncology and infectious disease treatments alone and in combination with other treatments.
Vaxil exploits the unique properties of signal peptide domains on crucial proteins to develop targeted therapies against cancer targets and infectious disease pathogens. These signal peptide domains are identified by VaxHit™, Vaxil's proprietary bioinformatic approach. These SPs induce a robust T- and B-cell response across wide and varied HLA subtypes, while acting as true, universal neoantigens. The peptide platform targets these cells by ""educating"" or specifically activating the immune system to recognize and attack the affected cells. In addition, Vaxil's mAb platform directly recognizes the target protein expressed on malignant cells and recruits other elements of the immune system to lyse those cells.
Disclaimer: The TSX Venture Exchange Inc. has in no way passed upon the merits of the Company has neither approved nor disapproved the contents of this press release. Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. This news release contains forward-looking information, which involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual events to differ materially from current expectation. Important factors -- including the availability of funds, the results of financing efforts, the results of exploration activities -- that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company's expectations are disclosed in the Company's documents filed from time to time on SEDAR (see www.sedar.com ). Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. The company disclaims any intention or obligation, except to the extent required by law, to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to sell any of the securities described herein in the United States or elsewhere. These securities have not been, and will not be, registered in the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any state securities laws, and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless registered or exempt therefrom."
Health Advisory: Coronavirus (2019-nCoV). 	"There have been several key developments over the past few days: The World Health Organization declared 2019-nCoV a global health emergency. The State Department issued a Level 4 Travel Advisory for China (do not travel). The CDC is recommending that travelers avoid all non-essential travel to China, and UC President Janet Napolitano issued a directive requiring UC limit non-essential UC-related travel to China. CDC Guidelines for investigation have been expanded to include recent travel to mainland China in people with severe disease (see below). A single case of transmission between close household contacts has been reported in the United States. Today the first Bay Area case has been reported, in Santa Clara County. Details are not available. Declaring a public health emergency over the coronavirus outbreak, Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar today said the president has imposed a temporary ban on entry for foreign nationals who have been to China in the last 14 days. Effective February 2, U.S. citizens returning from mainland China would be subject to health screening and up to 14 days of quarantine. There remain at this time no cases in Alameda County and no deaths or severe disease in the United States. While it is still unknown what proportion of people become severely ill, the majority of people hospitalized internationally are older or have significant underlying medical conditions. UC leadership throughout the system is holding regular conference calls including medical, environmental health & safety, administrative, and emergency management leadership and UC Berkeley senior leaders continue to work closely together to coordinate response and support the campus health and safety. In addition, planning is underway to schedule an informational session by UCB infectious disease experts regarding this emerging infection. UHS continues to see a lot of influenza and people with milder respiratory symptoms concerned about coronavirus. Please be reminded that these infections are prevalent in our community at this time, as is common this time of year. The best protection is handwashing (hand sanitizer works too!) and vaccination (for the flu), and please do stay home if you are ill. Based on the revised CDC Guidelines, please call your healthcare provider (UHS Advice Line for students at (510) 643-7197) immediately if you are ill and fall into one of the following categories: symptoms (fever >100.3F AND cough/difficulty breathing) AND travel to mainland China within the 2 weeks before symptoms start OR contact with a proven case This does NOT mean you have coronavirus, but it means you should put on a mask and get assessed; if you have influenza, we can also offer treatment. Strict CDC guidelines determine who can be tested for coronavirus. Finally, while the CDC informs us that the risk of the virus to the U.S. general population is low, we understand that these can be anxious and stressful times. We encourage all members of the campus community to support each other and look out for each other.
For additional information see our FAQ on Coronavirus . For any concerns about your own symptoms, call your healthcare provider (UHS Advice Line for students at (510 643-7197). For any questions related to the UCB response, please email . While we will not be able to respond to all emails directly, we read them all and will incorporate any responses into future updates as appropriate. "
The Corona Virus Hysteria: 8 Things To Consider Before Panicking About The Coronavirus!. 	"After I wrote yesterday's rant, I decided to spend some time with a few friends that I had not seen in some time We sat down and chatted away at the local Tim Horton's and we covered a wide range of subjects... Someone had alerted me that former NBA Los Angeles Lakers player, Kobe Bryant, and his daughter, had just died in a tragic helicopter crash in California, and we all discussed that for a while... But the subject quickly turned to the ""Corona Virus"" and many sitting at the table had the look of shock and fear... They talked openly about what we were all going to do if the ""virus"" came and started killing people locally here in central Canada, and apparently many were indeed brainwashed by the lies coming from the Jew spew media, which especially troubled me.... I tried my best to calm many of their fears and explained some truths about the ""virus"" and that there was no need to panic.... After I left the group, I knew that I needed to continue to show some real truths here at this blog about this ""virus"" just to have people realize that the fear mongering out there is just to have people panic and cry out for their crooked governments to do something to ""ease"" their fears!
Well, I came across the following report, from the Waking Times website, at www.wakingtimes.com, that is entitled: ""8 Things To Consider Before Panicking About The Coronavirus"" and indeed gives some valid points to show that people should think about before they allow themselves to fall victim to the hysteria and panic about this ""virus"" Here in fact is that article for everyone to see right here, and I have my own thoughts and comments to follow:
8 THINGS TO CONSIDER BEFORE PANICKING ABOUT THE CORONAVIRUS January 25, 2020
Phillip Schneider , Staff Writer Waking Times If you read the news, you’ve likely heard about the “deadly” coronavirus in China. You’ve probably seen videos of sick people and heard about the impending doom that our great nation faces if we don’t do something about this grave threat coming from China. But have you ever thought about why we’re hearing so much about this virus, despite it affecting only a relatively small number of people in another country? Who benefits from a mass media hype around the Coronavirus?
1. This Story is Getting Massive Hype No one can deny the incredible hype that this story is getting. But, why? Nearly every major news outlet is front-paging the news about the virus. NBC warns of the rising death toll, CNN frightens us with “diving” stocks due to coronavirus fears (the DOW dropped by 0.6% while other stocks like Bowing grew by 1.7%), the Drudge Report sounds the alarm on the spreading outbreak triggering the quarantine of 56 million people, but China’s state run communist newspaper, the People’s Daily, reports only 41 total deaths from coronavirus and 34 cured and released, with the total number of confirmed cases to date at 1287 . Yet, every new development is serious front page news. CNBC released an updating map of those affected by the virus. In China, it looks like they are absolutely swamped with illness, however, to say that the true number of cases is minuscule compared with China’s population of 1.4 billion would be the world’s greatest understatement of the century. Is the media simply reporting justifiably on a virus that could potentially affect millions of people, or do they have ulterior motives? 2. Nobody Knows Where the Virus Came From So, where did the virus come from anyway? Some speculate it originated in snakes , or previously from bats or contact with other animals in an open-air food market in Wuham, but if that’s true, is there no connection to the fact that the Chinese government opened up a new biolab in the same city, allegedly tasked with studying the “world’s most dangerous pathogens”? Even the science journal Nature was concerned with the facility prior to its operation in 2017 . So, did the Chinese government accidentally or intentionally release the virus? Did it end up in bats, then snakes, then humans? Why were they working on studying this virus in the first place, and who benefits from its release?
3. The Media Makes Top Dollar from Your Fear Along with America’s other biggest go-nowhere news story of the week, Trump’s impeachment process, the media rakes in huge sums of money from reporting on medical fear stories. Media executives know that people will tune in to watch a deadly virus sweep the globe. The fear that you experience from thinking about the potential for mass quarantine and death, paralyzes and keeps most people locked into consuming more fear-inducing coverage. Hence, more moola for the fat cats at CNN, NBC, etc. Bad news is good for business, and while statistically speaking you should be far more concerned for your safety every time you get into an automobile, nothing gets clicks like fear and panic. 4. Governments Always Seek More Control from Virus Scares What is the logical conclusion for a population of fearful and paralyzed individuals with no experience combatting a new and deadly virus? Giving the authorities more power, of course.. Let the government forcefully inoculate you and your family, allow the medical-industrial complex to take more of your hard-earned money, and watch silently with the fear that standing up for your rights might lead to the destruction of the human race. 5. This Happens Every Few Years and Pushes Important Issues to the Back Page It isn’t hard to find examples of medical hysteria in the past, either. Think back to Ebola , the Swine flu, the regular flu , measles, SARS, or even the plague . Every few years, the media ramps up its coverage of a new virus that often harms a very insignificant number of people. The medical establishment calls for more control, governments call for more control, and important stories get vigorously back-paged. As a nation, we end up wasting valuable time on a non-issue that was never going to matter to begin with, the only net-result being a marked increase in fear and stress.
6. The Coronavirus Doesn’t Affect You Chances are pretty solid that you won’t even meet someone who was affected in any way by the coronavirus. Statistically, it makes no sense to worry about the virus when you likely know someone personally who was or will be affected by poverty, the drug war , junk food -induced diabetes, opiate addiction, cancer, heart-disease, the looming national debt, war, a lack of clean food or water, stress, taxation, unconstitutional no-knock SWAT raids , pollution , depression, etc. Focusing all of your attention on this new fear is illogical when you consider that we live in a world of daily threats and dangers anyhow. And by the way, spoiler alert… none of us make it out of here alive. Furthermore, those who are dying from the virus are not actually dying from the virus, but rather from health complications resulting from having the virus and a compromised immune system, like pneumonia. If the national media genuinely wanted you to be safe, they would be running wall-to-wall coverage of how to naturally boost your immune system and get your body into a state of maximum health, but they rarely mention this fact. 7. The Institutions Who Benefit from Coronavirus Hype are Incompetent and Dangerous The institutions, including the CDC, vaccine companies, and media who benefit from coronavirus hype, are incredibly incompetent and dangerous. One might even go so far as to call them diabolical. We all know about the infamous and highly-publicized syphilis experiments that began in the 1930’s, and CDC director Dr. Branda Fitzgerald who was forced to resign in early 2018 after she was caught buying shares of Merck, a major vaccine company that the CDC is supposed to oversee. There’s no shortage of medical corruption in the U.S., both historically and contemporarily, if you look hard enough. Already the pharmaceutical industry is ‘ racing to develop a vaccine ,’ which when coupled with government mandates equals insane revenue.
8. Grainy Videos of Dead and Sick-Looking People Are Being Used to Scare You To top it all off, much of the evidence we’re getting from the media is sketchy at best. Earlier, the Daily Star ran a photograph of two men in lab coats, one of which was lying on the ground. The photo is extremely grainy and out of focus. Meanwhile, what are we supposed to make of it? There’s no context here or proof that the photo is really what they say it is. Yet, it was featured in all caps on the drudge report. “DOCTORS COLLAPSE”, it says along with a plethora of other headlines. “ Experts fear too late for China ” “ Everyone will get infected ” “ Simulation Predicts 65 Million Could Die ” Anyone who’s been paying attention could have predicted the rise of the coronavirus and know what the outcome will be. Mass hysteria and collective fear will be used to further erode individual liberties and stoke allegiance to the medical industrial complex. By simply being aware, however, that fearing all the news is illogical, while continuing to focus on your health and wellness, you automatically subvert this attempt at mass control. Read more articles from Phillip Schneider .
About the Author Phillip Schneider is a student as well as a staff writer and assistant editor for Waking Times . If you would like to see more of his work, you can visit his website , or follow him on the free speech social network Minds . This article ( 8 Things to Consider Before Panicking About the Coronavirus ) as originally created and published by Waking Times and is published here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Phillip Schneider and WakingTimes.com . It may be re-posted freely with proper attribution, author bio, and this copyright statement.
NTS Notes: Many of Phillip Schneider's arguments presented here have already been covered in the previous articles I posted about this hysteria....And he presents a few more that show that we are absolutely being manipulated by the criminals running our governments/media/pharmaceutical industry to panic and ACCEPT ANY SOLUTIONS THAT THOSE CRIMINALS PRESENT to ""cure"" or ""fix"" this problem!
Yes, the facts are that there is NO need to panic and to not fall for all the hype and hysteria about this ""Corona Virus"" We have seen so many times in the last few decades (H1N1 scare anyone?) that have been used to prey on gullible minds to have them cower in fear and accept the fraud of having poisonous vaccines injected into their bodies that did NOT work at all and actually did more damage than any of the ""diseases"" they were created to fight!
I will say that the criminals running the media and our governments are obviously banking on ""mass hysteria"" generated by their lies about this disease, and I do strongly believe that they are doing it purposely to get gullible and stupid people to conform to their ""solutions"" to this problem.... And sadly there are already so many idiots out there falling for it, and I have personally seen it for myself!
Yes, there are now supposedly ""81"" victims of this ""deadly"" virus as of the time I am filing this report, primarily in and around the Chinese city of Wuhan, but again that number is so minor in comparison to other diseases out there... But the criminals that run our Jew spew media and our crooked governments cannot let a good ""epidemic"" go to waste
I for one will continue to find the real truths about this ""virus"" and have them posted at this blog when available... I will not fall for the hysteria however, because as a man of science and logic, I am seeking facts and truth rather than fiction..
"
BIOESQUE BOTANICAL DISINFECTANT SOLUTION CAN BE USED AGAINST 2019 NOVEL CORONAVIRUS (2019-nCoV from Wuhan, China). 	" Bioesque Botanical Disinfectant Solution has demonstrated effectiveness against alike viruses to 2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV from Wuhan, China) on hard non-porous surfaces. Therefore, Bioesque Botanical Disinfectant Solution can be used against 2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) when used in accordance with the directions for use against Norovirus* (Feline Calicivirus surrogate) 4 minutes on hard, non-porous surfaces. Refer to the CDC website at https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/index.html for additional information.
*To disinfect Norovirus*same protocol for Coronavirus, let stand for 4 minutes. Follow product label Directions for Use for detailed information.
Powered by Thymox technology, it utilizes Thymol, a cutting-edge antimicrobial agent as a component of Thyme Oil, to quickly power through grime and destroy germs* that it encounters. How efficiently does this hospital-grade product work? This disinfectant:
Kills 99.99 percent of viruses in one (1) minute.
Kills 99.99 percent of bacteria in two (2) minutes.
Kills 99.99 percent of fungi and molds in three (3) minutes.
Bioesque Botanical Disinfectant Solution is an undeniably useful tool for prevention programs, outbreaks and cleaning professionals. It is perfect for use on an impressive array of surfaces and requires no special precautions or equipment to use. After spraying, simply allow the product to sit on the surface for the appropriate period of time before wiping it down, if desired. This versatile product is suitable for health care, residential, commercial and industrial settings and ideal for restoration scenarios.
About Bioesque Botanical Disinfectant Solution
Bioesque Botanical Disinfectant Solution is an EPA and Health Canada registered Bleach-Free, Phosphate Free, Non-Corrosive Disinfectant targeting broad spectrum efficacy against Staphylococcus aureus, Salmonella enterica, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, E. coli, E. coli O157:H7, Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus S. aureus (MRSA), Vancomycin-Resistant Enterococcus faecalis (VRE), Listeria monocytogenes, Klebsiella pneumoniae – NDM-1 positive, Streptococcus suis, Swine Influenza A H1N1, HIV-1, Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV), human Coronavirus strain 229E, Norovirus and Mycobacterium bovis (TB), Trichophyton mentagrophytes (Athlete’s Foot Fungus), Candida albicans. This formula contains no harsh chemicals and does not require a rinse for food contact surfaces."
Indicators on corona virus america You Should Know. 	Blog Preliminary details implies that it might only be transmitted as a result of prolonged publicity, but there’s still a lot well being officers don’t find out about the virus.“Me contributing my science skills towards the hunt for a Coronavirus remedy,” @KyleSmells additional with a picture of the test tube a lime.WHO Director Common Tedros Adhanom Ghebreysus mentioned the agency experienced previously produced $9 million in reserve funding to assist poorer countries prepare for your pandemic. The agency is usually sending a huge selection of A large number of masks, gloves and respirators to places in need to have.A man is in law enforcement custody following taking pictures an officer Within the 41st Precinct on Sunday. The assault came about just hrs after Yet another officer was shot in a very patrol van simply a block absent.The planet Well being Business hasn't declared a world unexpected emergency but, saying it can be ready to check out how the virus develops. There isn't any vaccine, but the National Institutes of Wellness is focusing on a single and hopes to begin screening in quite a few months. That testing could well be for protection. If it’s Protected, there could well be screening to check out how very well it really works.The snow experienced built its way out on the Chicago place as night fell on Sunday, forsaking rain as temperatures warmed.She traveled back from China to Chicago on January 13 but she wasn’t showing symptoms then. A week as well as a fifty percent later on, the lady in her 60s was place in quarantine.The ministry also suggested in opposition to avoidable travel to prevent cities in which the virus is present in China, to prevent close contact with animals within the affected regions and never to mix carefully with individuals who display symptoms of respiratory bacterial infections, while continuing to scrub palms with soap and h2o.We use cookies to gather and analyze info on web-site performance and usage, and to reinforce and customise material and adverts. By clicking 'X' or continuing to utilize the positioning, you agree to more info allow for cookies being positioned. To see far more, pay a visit to our cookies policy and our privacy policy.They have been diagnosed While using the ailment in Italy immediately after getting in Wuhan, the city in the epicenter of your outbreak, and happen to be taken care of with prevalent and experimental antiviral medicines. Their issue was referred to as serious but stable.Details about 2019-nCoV for travelers intending to and getting back from China, and information for aircrew.In the meantime, Shanghai Disneyland also announced that it was briefly suspending functions around considerations with the virus.The planet Wellbeing Organization (WHO) said it can determine no matter whether to declare the outbreak a worldwide health unexpected emergency, which might move up the international response.
Are we Corona ready. 	"At the start of the New Year, the rest of the world was preparing to celebrate. Good times and great parties to usher in 2020 were underway in every corner of the globe with people just lining up to rejoice. In neighbouring China , more importantly in the city of Wuhan, a disaster was taking root. A few years ago, a deadly virus known as the SARS virus was terrorising much of Asia. It’s a strain that affects the lungs and hammers a person’s immunity. In Wuhan, an offshoot of this virus believed to have originated in a fish market had mutated. This virus is known today as the Coronavirus or the Wuhan virus.
China has been accused of hiding news of the onset and outbreak of the Coronavirus much earlier than announced. The Chinese government was well aware of this new strain of virus and had also categorised it as something that was capable of spreading fast. Yet they didn’t let the rest of the world know. It was only after an outbreak in the most dramatic of ways that they realised that the problem was now out of hand.
The Coronavirus is an intense respiratory mutagen. It causes heavy bouts of pneumonia and infects the alveoli of the lungs. Coughing up blood and immediate loss of consciousness are very visible symptoms of the disease. Videos on YouTube show how those infected simply collapse while doing anything as mundane as walking or cooking. China had covered up the outbreak of the disease but everything they have done since has been downright clinical."
A Look at USA 2009 H1N1 Virus Compared to China 2020 Corona Virus : Vicious, Political & Xenophobic Racist Attacks Against China Needs To Stop. 	"When the United States 2009 H1N1 swine flu emerged, an international emergency, a declared global pandemic, it eventually infected 60 million and initially killed a minimum of 18,449 cases that year. But the final story of the H1N1 global pandemic was far worse than that, with close to 300,000 deaths, according to the final tallies in 2012 reported by the CDC, as you will read below.
Which is why I am scratching my head at how bizarrely negative forces are attacking China and Chinese people as it engages a remarkably aggressive front addressing this Corona virus outbreak which started in Wuhan, central China. I am forced to ask and answer a few questions.
During 2009 H1N1 outbreak, I don't recall xenophobic anti-America attacks across the globe, do you? In fact, do you recall it took six months for the U.S. to declare a national emergency? Did any government from the onset in April 2009 through the end in April 2010, including the month of June, when H1N1 was declared an international emergency global pandemic, then send out a notice to its citizens that they should leave the United States? Close their borders to American travelers? Nope, not a peep.
Like I said, something's not right, folks. I am reading hateful vicious attacks on the Chinese government for their supposed intentional conspiracy to intentionally under report the number of infections, yet that is exactly and always the case with such flu outbreaks no matter what country and the CDC reports illustrate that crystal clear. The U.S. H1N1 swine flu numbers were vastly underestimated and updated three years later, because dear friends, that is the nature of such viral outbreaks which don't care which country they started in. There is never enough man power, there are never enough test kits, there is never enough medicine or medical supplies. China is not trying to hide these hardships, they are well known, they are being reported on the news daily in China. There are always people who die, thousands of them whom we'll never know if they actually died because of a particular virus. Those are the facts, not any problem unique to China's healthcare system or government.
Its not a conspiracy, its just tragedy.
According to the June 27, 2012 research report followup three years later, it gets much more disturbing when you learn about the CDC's final estimate of the H1N1 virus global death toll. You and I find at this at this article at the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy website, the CDC's 18,449 total deaths number was ""...regarded as WELL BELOW THE TRUE TOTAL, mainly because many people who die of flu-related causes are not tested for the disease."" So during the 2009 outbreak, was anyone accusing the American medical and government authorities of hiding the numbers? Were Americans with hidden cameras strolling into the Mayo Clinic to PROVE how many people were really dying? The absurdity of these vicious attacks are that whether or not a person specifically does have the Corona virus or some other viral bug presenting as pneumonia, the treatment is the same supportive treatment anyway.
Something's not right here folks. The world should be applauding China's unprecedented, broad, aggressive response. (WHO officials and many other government and healthcare officials across the globe are.) I am on the ground here in China READ IT HERE watching with my own eyes and it is quite incredible by any measure, not to mention an enormous economic sacrifice.
Instead of looking at the will of an entire system of government acting faster than any other government on the planet could, we are one month later, still busy bashing a few local government officials in Wuhan who should have told us a couple weeks sooner. And yes, that is true those local officials screwed up. And by the way, those officials are in deep trouble for it. Just like the recent Puerto Rican politicians who are in trouble when we learned they didn't distribute hurricane emergency supplies that were sent to them to help during last year's terrible hurricane. A disgrace. Individual people screw up all the time and hopefully justice gets served later, but that's not an indictment of an entire country's government. Secondly, on this point, every provincial government has sent out a notice to its government officials pretty much saying that if they are stupid enough to do the same, they will face the wrath of harsh punishment. I don't doubt it for a moment. Lets contrast to what countless western politicians have gotten away with and remain in office to remind all of us that human error, stupidity and greed is not unique to any particular skin color or race or country. ""What about..."" reactions don't help.
And here's the mic drop for you: ""The CDC researchers estimate that the H1N1 2009 pandemic virus caused 201,200 respiratory deaths and another 83,300 deaths from cardiovascular disease associated with H1N1 infections."" Total: 284,000 deaths. Shocking, isn't it?
Was there a travel ban for any length of time to and from the United States?
Did China, Germany, Japan or any other country close their border to American travelers?
Today I noticed in the updates that following the United States Department of State policy suggesting U.S. citizens leave China, the United Kingdom embassy just released the same recommendation to subjects of the kingdom.
In 2009, did UK subjects in America get a notice from their kingdom to leave America? No.
Did the world suggest we isolate from America? Close the U.S. borders!? No.
Did Americans get xenophobically attacked and targeted by anti-American sentiments like the Chinese are experiencing now? Um, no.
Fascinating and disturbing to say the least. If you're an expat currently in China, unless you're in Wuhan, fact is that you're most likely safer and more peaceful and more stable by simply staying put than by leaving right now. You couldn't be safer than in this country, where almost everyone is staying home and dutifully isolating themselves with awareness. Not to mention that the Chinese government's decision to safeguard the society, the families, the people, is coming at a devastating economic cost in the hundreds of billions.
I have a friend in Mesa, Arizona. He told me earlier that the big popular China City buffet, a huge busy place, has no customers. Does that make any sense at all?
Let's test our ability to reason, to be rational:
If you were in Miami and you heard that there was a virus outbreak that started in Milan, in central Italy, would you cancel your dinner reservation at the Italian restaurant that night in South Beach? No. Would you buy a pizza next week at Joey's Pizzeria in Delray Beach?
If you were in Singapore and you heard there was a virus outbreak in Dallas, Texas in the central United States, would you stop going to your favorite local Texas southern BBQ restaurant with the owner from Houston, in Singapore?
Would you avoid olive-skinned dark-haired Italian-looking people on the street in Chicago? Would you avoid big guys wearing cowboy hats, cuz they're obviously from Texas in Singapore cuz there's a virus in Dallas and they might have just gotten off the plane? There's a strange senseless bullying extremism and activism in today's society and you should do your best to avoid it and not be a part of it. It is fomented by a small group of extremist activists while definitely not supported by your average mainstream person who is simply exhausted by their outrage-inducing antics.
Finally, here are some straight up, sensible accurate descriptions of this Corona virus which started in Wuhan, China. Its not called the China virus and neither was H1N1 called the America virus. Whether two weeks or two months from now, this flu season type virus will have passed and the joy of Spring will have arrived. Just like every flu season. However, don't misunderstand me. The extra caution and the remarkable response by the Chinese governments and people together to quell the spread of this virus was warranted because, yes it is correct that this corona virus is nastier than the usual annual flu bug, as was H1N1 in 2009. As of now, what we can confidently note the following regarding this Corona virus:
This Corona virus is highly contagious, it spreads quite easily. It binds to lung tissue and so in particular, likes to cause pneumonia, that's what infection of lung tissue is. That's more severe than a respiratory infection which is only in your throat or bronchial tubes.
The Corona virus currently has a 2% death rate. That's a lot higher, around 20x higher, than a more typical annual flu virus with a death rate of 0.1%. However, a 2% death rate is still much lower by comparison to the SARS virus which had a 9% death rate or the MERS virus with a really nasty 37% death rate.
The Corona virus is causing severe symptoms in 10-15% of cases. 80% to 90% of deaths from this virus are happening in elderly patients, mostly with other existing health problems, not younger people. That characteristic by the way, is in contrast to the America 2009 H1N1 swine flu virus which in fact had a higher death rate amongst younger people including children rather than those over 60 years old.
China identified and shared the Corona virus genome in record times, in only days and of course, immediately shared it with all international health and disease organizations. Medical researchers are already discovering that certain existing anti-viral medications seem to be effective against this Corona virus.
Its impossible not to marvel at China's broad and aggressive domestic response directed by the provincial level governments to restrict movement, restrict transportation, restrict business for a period of time combined with the voluntary dutiful cooperation of its 1.3 billion citizens who are in the majority quietly staying at home these weeks to let the virus pass; this model response is already being hailed by the international community as a remarkable unprecedented response setting a new standard in understanding what is possible for future outbreaks in whatever country they may occur. Is it inconvenient and costly. You bet.
Like I said, something's not right with the way humanity is responding to what's happening here. I haven't put my finger on it because well, its certainly complex and the world is upside down in many other ways that I also can't for the life of me understand or explain without ending up writing a very thick book.
But I do know this: It needs to stop. This vicious, political, xenophobic racist attacks and smearing of all things China needs to stop. Its really not helping anyone in the political corridors of Washington nor is it doing anything to help the man on the street who is just concerned with taking care of his family.
My family is originally from the Basilicata region of Italy, the little hillside Italian towns of Potenza and also, Grottola, which is just outside of Matera. They left their home country and moved to America where I was born, in Yonkers, New York. America became their home and it was my home until I left, too. Now over two decades ago, I left the United States, the country I was born in, the country that has plenty to admire and plenty to improve. But I left and I came to China and now China is my home. If you had asked me thirty years ago if this was my life plan on planet earth, I would have said you were nuts or a really bad fortune teller. But that's how it has turned out. I am truly blessed with my lovely Chinese wife and our family living here in Shenyang in China's northeast. You get my meaning? I am a mature adult like many with the powers of observation. I can easily see that whether we are talking about China or the United States or any other country, their societies and their governments have good points and bad points.
The xenophobia needs to stop now. Whether in a couple of weeks or months later, this nasty flu type Corona virus will begin declining and the joy of Spring will arrive. Between now and then if you don't have anything good, anything supportive to say about China or Chinese people, how about you just keep your mouth shut.
Mario Cavolo, Shenyang.
Source : Linkedin
Check out Mario's YouTube channel with lots of cool videos: The Dragon Roars On
Check out Mario's books on Amazon And visit Mario on Facebook
Published By
Mario Cavolo Author, Speaker, Artist, Entreneurneur Something's Not Right Folks"" In this article, Mario takes the time to compare the situations between America's 2009 H1N1 swine flu outbreak and the current China Corona virus outbreak. Shrewd observations and hard questions reveal some truly disturbing differences. Also includes a clear sensible, accurate description of the Corona virus' characteristics. #china #virus #corona #wuhan #coronavirus #beijing #flu #H1N1 #CDC #swineflu 1,163 comments Sign in to leave your comment
Curbing coronavirus while targeting China | Free Malaysia ...
US immoral to attack China's fight against virus The pandemic will finally pass. Many people badmouthed China during SARS 17 years ago, but what happened after? Nobody should underestimate China's ability to fight a public health crisis Keep faith in science to combat epidemic The disaster has actually proven China's astonishing mobilization ability and solidarity. Probably no country in the world will protect people's lives at any cost as China does. The epidemic won't weaken China's competitiveness. China will eventually win and become more mature and stronger Women shine in China's anti-epidemic campaign In China's battle against the novel coronavirus epidemic, women have shown their powerful will, professionalism, selfless devotion and great resilience alongside their male peers.
Related posts:
WHO decision makes little effect in curbing China; New strategies needed for Malaysian tourism US travel alert an overreaction, shows unilateralism: experts A staff member, wearing a facemask, waits for customers near the Forbi... US seeks selfish gains as China goes all out to curtail coronavirus spread Wilbur Ross disgracefully cites coronavirus as American opportunity https://youtu.be/94CYX10BDVw Fear of the unknown... Coronavirus outbreak: WHO declares an international public health emergency https://youtu.be/8NnNunRXR80 The World Health Organization (WHO) on Thursday said that the novel coronavirus outbreak has become a Pub..
WHO chief: China deserves gratitude and respect for efforts to fight virus outbreak, against virus-related evacuations, as countries plan pull-outs Fight the virus 

"
Corona Virus. 	Corona Virus , nCoV What is Corona virus? Corona virus (CoV) are a large family of viruses that cause illness ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases. A novel corona virus (nCoV) is a new strain that has not been previously identified in humans. It was first detected in Wuhan City, Hubei Province, China and now spreading to USA, Canada, Australia etc. globally. 2019-nCoV is a beta-corona virus, like Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS) and severe acute respiratory syndrome ( SARS ), all of which might have their origins in bats. The virus is named due to its shape of a crown with protrusions around it and hence is known as coronavirus. 2019 – nCoV, noval corona virus Signs and Symptoms of novel (new) corona virus (nCoV): About 3,000 persons have been confirmed till now and about 100 deaths from this virus infection, majority of these are in China. For confirmed 2019-nCoV infections, reported illnesses have ranged from infected people with little to no symptoms to people being severely ill and dying. Symptoms as per CDC.gov can include: Fever Cough Shortness of breath Common signs of infection include respiratory symptoms, fever, cough, shortness of breath and breathing difficulties. In more severe cases, if a corona virus infection spreads to the lower respiratory tract (your windpipe and your lungs ), infection can cause pneumonia, severe acute respiratory syndrome, kidney failure and even death. Prevention and Treatment of n-CoV: So, how to prevent it and what are the treatments available? Sadly, there is currently no treatment or vaccine to prevent 2019-nCoV infection. The best way to prevent infection is to avoid being exposed to this virus. Standard recommendations to prevent infection spread include regular hand washing, covering mouth and nose when coughing and sneezing, thoroughly cooking meat and eggs. Avoid close contact with anyone showing symptoms of respiratory illness such as coughing and sneezing. Help from source: WHO (World Health Organisation) Frequently clean hands by using alcohol-based hand rub or soap and water. Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands. Avoid close contact with people who are sick and avoid direct unprotected contact with live animals. Cover your cough or sneeze with a tissue, then throw the tissue in the trash. The consumption of raw or under-cooked animal products should be avoided. Prevention from nCoV -1 Status report on corona virus – Check the Latest SR ( Source: WHO ): SITUATION IN NUMBERS on 28.01.2020 Globally – 4593 confirmed China – 4537 confirmed, 6973 suspected, 976 severe, 106 deaths Outside of China – 56 confirmed, 14 countries (China, Japan, Korea, Vietnam, Singapore, Australia, Malaysia, Cambodia, Thailand, Nepal, sri Lanka, USA, Canada, France, Germany) WHO RISK ASSESSMENT Regional Level – High Global Level – High Disclaimer: This article has been compiled from various sources like WHO.int, CDC.gov, Webmd.com etc., Kindly consult doctor or expert in case of any of the symptoms. Advertisements 
Corona Virus Update: All questions answered. 	"Corona Virus Update: All questions answered
Dr KK Aggarwal President CMAAO, HCFI and past National President IMA
It’s not new
Every decade a zoonotic coronavirus crosses species to infect human populations and in this decade, we have a virus, provisionally called 2019-nCoV, first identified in Wuhan, China, in persons exposed to a seafood or wet market.
Name
The name of coronavirus comes from its shape, which resembles a crown or solar corona when imaged using an electron microscope.
The three deadly human respiratory coronaviruses viruses so far
1. Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus [SARS-CoV] 2. Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus [MERS-CoV]) 3. 2019-nCoV: The virus is 75 to 80% identical to the SARS-CoV
Pathogenesis
People infected with these coronaviruses suffer a severe inflammatory response.
It has high mortality
In the current situation the mortality rate is 3%. The severity of illness is concerning: almost a third of patients developed acute respiratory distress syndrome requiring intensive care; six patients died; five had acute cardiac injury; and four required ventilation.
Its Zoonotic
It is closely related to several bat coronaviruses. Bats are the primary reservoir for the virus. SARS-CoV was transmitted to humans from exotic animals in wet markets, whereas MERS-CoV is transmitted from camels to humans. In both cases, the ancestral hosts were probably bats.
It is more infectious to humans
Notably, 2019-nCoV grows better in primary human airway epithelial cells than in standard tissue-culture cells, unlike SARS-CoV or MERS-CoV. It is likely that 2019-nCoV will behave more like SARS-CoV.
Human to Human infection is weak
Both SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV infect intrapulmonary epithelial cells more than cells of the upper airways. Consequently, transmission occurs primarily from patients with recognized illness and not from patients with mild, nonspecific signs.
It appears that 2019-nCoV uses the same cellular receptor as SARS-CoV (human angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 [hACE2]), so transmission is expected only after signs of lower respiratory tract disease develop.
The median time from onset of symptoms to first hospital admission was 7·0 days (4·0–8·0), to shortness of breath was 8·0 days (5·0–13·0), to ARDS was 9·0 days (8·0–14·0), to mechanical ventilation was 10·5 days (7·0–14·0), and to ICU admission was 10·5 days.
Its unlikely tp spread by eating sea food in India It has been traced to snakes in China so unlikely to spread in India by eating sea food. Snakes often hunt for bats in wild. Reports indicate that snakes were sold in the local seafood market in Wuhan, raising the possibility that the 2019-nCoV might have jumped from the host species -- bats -- to snakes and then to humans at the beginning of this coronavirus outbreak. However, how the virus could adapt to both the cold-blooded and warm-blooded hosts remains a mystery.
Flight Transmission
Transmission of foodborne diseases on aircraft, including cholera, shigellosis, salmonellosis, and staphylococcal food poisoning, have been well documented. Transmission of smallpox on aircraft was reported in 1965. An outbreak of influenza occurred in 1979 among passengers on a flight that had a three hours’ ground delay before takeoff. The influenza attack rate among the passengers was very high (72 %), and was attributed to the ventilation system not operating during the ground delay. Epidemiological investigations have also indicated that measles may have been transmitted aboard international flights. To date, no case of active TB has been identified as a result of exposure while on a commercial aircraft. However, there is some evidence that transmission of M. tuberculosis may occur during long (i.e. more than eight hours) flights, from an infectious source (a passenger or crew member) to other passengers or crew members.
 It’s a large droplet infection
Transmission of 2019-nCoV probably occurs by means of large droplets and contact and less so by means of aerosols and fomites, on the basis of experience with SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV.
Universal droplets precautions the answer
1. Quarantining for two weeks of the LRTI patient 2. Timely diagnosis 3. Strict adherence to universal precautions
Its all over
Australia (4), Macau (1), Hong Kong ( 5), France(3), Japan (3), Malaysia (4), Nepal (1), Singapore (3), Taiwan (3), South Korea (3), Thailand (5), United states (3), Vietnam (2),
Is it a public health emergency
There is an emergency in China, but it has not yet become a global health emergency.
PMO Suggestions Sent
17 th Jan: India at threat of Corona. Advisory should be issued (18 th Indian govt issues travel advisory as China's mysterious 'Coronavirus' spread in other countries) 22 nd Jan: Still not being declared to be a notifiable disease, N 95 to be included in the list of essential drugs and prise capped, Oseltamivir , should also be prise capped, air flights should have available air masks for all passengers, not declaring flu like symptoms while boarding or landing should be a punishable offence ( 23 rd India advisory to airports) 24 th : Inter Ministerial Committee needs to be formed on Corona Virus ( PMO took a meeting on 24 th evening) 25 th Jan: Indian government should pay for Indians affected with the virus in China 26 Jan: Need of National droplet Infection Control program, Policy to ban export of face masks, policy to evacuate Indians from China affected areas, Time to collaborate on Nosode therapy
"
Health ministry docs to inspect corona preparedness at airport. 	"A team of specialist doctors from Ministry of Health and Family Welfare Directorate General of Health Services (MoHFW) will visit Visakhapatnam International Airport in a day or two to inspect the preparedness of the airport and its hospital to address the deadly coronavirus.
The international airport had taken measures for screening of coronavirus on its premises. The central government has been taking necessary precautions to address the coronavirus issue in the country and as part of it, it has pressed a team of doctors from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare Directorate General of Health Services Emergency Medical Relief (MoHFW) to inspect and review the preparedness measures at all 14 international airports across the nation.
Indira Gandhi International Airport at Visakhapatnam is also one of them. The team of doctors will brief respective state health departments to undertake necessary preparedness measures. A team of three doctors including epidemiologist Dr Shikha Vardhan, physician Dr Kapoor Ch Choudary and microbiologist Dr Anuradha Shulania will inspect the airport in a day or two.
The team of doctors will inspect all international airports along with their designated hospitals.
After inspection the teams will submit a report to Director General of Health Services (DGHS).
MoHFW department informed that the medical teams would report to the secretary (health) of respective state governments and brief them about all preparedness measures and regional directors (RoHFW) for respective states would facilitate inspections of airports and designated hospitals in their states.
The three cases of corona virus infections in Kerala and one in Uttarakhand has sent shockwaves across the country, with state governments scurrying to prevent infections and spot cases early to check the spread of the deadly virus.
"
‘Flu Death Frenzy + Corona Virus Craziness = What?’ asks Dr. Don Harte. 	"Dr. Don Harte, noted chiropractic activist and former Libertarian State Senate candidate, is “extremely concerned about unsubstantiated reports of flu deaths, along with lack of public health response to Chinese viral threat.”
Dr. Harte says, “It seems that our so-called public health officials are deliberately creating fear, and hoping for panic. They are ginning up fears of the flu, combined with a possible corona virus epidemic.
“I am deeply concerned about what others may be relieved about,” Dr. Harte admits. “Reports are coming in of corona virus vaccines being rushed to completion and then production, via new technology.”
Dr. Harte declares, “New technology seems exciting to some, but in Medicine, it’s Russian roulette. Who knows the ramifications, both in safety and efficacy, of this totally novel vaccine for a novel virus? The regular vaccines create enough serious health problems.”
“A fascinating, and scary part of this blossoming health problem is that CDC officials are saying, at least for the moment, that influenza, the flu, is a far more serious threat to Americans than the corona virus. What we have here,” comments Dr. Harte, “is fear from the corona virus being used, very deliberately, to increase fear of the flu virus, and, thereby, increase sales of the mostly ineffective and definitely risky flu vaccine.”
“Perhaps the most serious issue,” Dr. Harte notes, “is the believability of the CDC. It has ‘cried wolf’ far too many times, and continues to do so. For years, the CDC has claimed that the flu kills 36,000 a year in this country. Last flu season, all of a sudden, they claimed 82,000.”
“We can only know,” Dr. Harte says, “what’s going on in China and around the world with the new corona virus through news reports. We all know, from personal life experience, that no one we knew ever died from the flu, while everyone we know has had the flu, many several times. Only the already very sick and feeble ever end up in the hospital. Yes, boys and girls, the CDC is lying. Their quasi-statistical trick,” according to Dr. Harte. “is combining flu deaths with pneumonia deaths. Take away pneumonia, and you’re left with a few hundred deaths a year in a nation of 320 million. The obvious conclusion? Influenza, the flu, is not a dangerous, fatal disease.”
Dr. Harte warns, “When the corona vaccine comes out, watch out for an all-out fear campaign, from state, federal and international sources. If that vaccine will be as ineffective and dangerous as the flu vaccine, I wouldn’t trust it.”
“Finally,” explains Dr. Harte, “the best way to avoid the flu, the corona virus, or any infectious disease, is to get healthy. Eat well, exercise, rest appropriately, and get your nervous system free of interference by regular chiropractic care. Your nervous system runs your immune system, so take care of it! The best way to get the flu is to get a flu shot.” Dr. Harte wonders, “It might work the same way for the coming corona virus vaccine. So why do it?”
Dr. Don Harte, former medical student, is a principled, traditional chiropractor serving Marin and the Greater Bay Area since 1981. He is an activist in the struggle for free speech for chiropractors. Dr. Harte was named 2006 “Chiropractor of the Year” by the World Chiropractic Alliance (WCA). He has served on the Boards of the WCA and the Council on Chiropractic Practice. His articles have been published in OMNI magazine, San Francisco Chronicle, Chiropractic Journal and Journal of the California Chiropractic Association."
Corona and well being. 	"Following a stay in hospital for a discrete illness (piles) and the Corona virus, CEO Stan has shown an enhanced interest in health. He measures his blood pressure twice an hour and has asked his private chef (K Ray Beauregard-Goldstein who has mixed ethnicity) for foods which are ""softer on my gut"". Stan also washes his hands when he leaves the bathroom and does not shake anyone’s hands.
Stan also said at a recent staff meeting that ""a nations' health is a nations' wealth"" which was the motto of the Montreal Star which my dear Dad Pierre Elliot Ramsbottom used to read on the weekends.
Today after a day “that didn’t start well”, CEO Stan flip flopped on Corona, like a French socialist who needs to balance a budget.
Stan texted me at 1255 pm: ""Gloria, how are we dealing with Corona scare? Keep the health of our firm in mind. No travel to anywhere that compromises my and our well being.""
At 1 pm, I got a copy of an email message from R&D chief Comrade Carl Marks which read:
 ""I know a government hack in Indonesia who rates our new product as a “pearl”. He studied with me in Mother Russia. The only problem is our travel policy which does not allow me to travel to Jakarta for a demo; travel policy defines Indonesia as a dangerous travel zone, like Damascus, Jerusalem and Detroit.""
At 1.05 pm, Stan summoned me into his room, along with Hugh White from Diversity. Hugh is both white and heterosexual.
CEO Stan asked Hugh ""to what extent is all this Corona crap racist shit, White?"" White coughed at looked at me for direction, in line with my core value of obedience. I signalled to White proceed. ""Mister Stan, Corona appears to me to be rating-related and racist-based scare tactics, yet at the same time, Indonesia is not somewhere I suggest travelling to at the moment, Sir. However I do think that Indonesian cuisine is very unique.""
Stan looked at White and said nothing; White became whiter.
Stan blurted out that he agrees that Corona is a racist scare tactic, and that all staff flying Indonesia “should travel Economy Plus to stretch their legs. Gloria, revise travel policy within 90 seconds to align HR with our core values of Revenue First”.
Stan mentioned that he does not plan to visit Indonesia for the time being, but to show solidarity with Carl and the sales folks heading off to Jakarta, ""I do not plan to take a Corona shot. Corona is a racial slur.”
I had forgotten to tell Stan that there is no shot for Corona.
My Dad Pierre Elliot used to say that ""Americans use the term racial slur liberally, Glo. Take it with a pinch of salt"".

"
HealthLynked Corp. Posts Realtime Corona Virus Tracker on Its Website. 	"HealthLynked Corp. (OTCQB: HLYK), a nationwide healthcare network focused on care management of its members and a provider of healthcare technologies that connects doctors, patients and medical data today announced that to help its members keep track of the deadly corona virus epidemic, it has provided a GEO tracker of cases reported by the World Health Organization (""WHO"") in the US and worldwide.
The company plans to release an updated version this month that will allow members to report symptoms and provide a way for the public to more closely track symptoms, areas of potential exposure, confirmed cases, deaths and recovered cases, and track the outbreak so that they can better prepare and protect themselves from exposure.
The first infection with 2019-nCoV in the United States was reported on January 21, 2020 . The current count of cases of infection with 2019-nCoV in the United States and globally can be monitored at www.healthlynked.com/corona-virus-tracker .
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 5 Warning Signs with OTCPK:HLYK. Click here to check it out. OTCPK:HLYK 30-Year Financial Data The intrinsic value of OTCPK:HLYK Peter Lynch Chart of OTCPK:HLYK About the Corona Virus:
The 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is a new virus that causes respiratory illness in people and can spread from person-to-person. This virus originated in Wuhan , China and likely originally emerged from an animal source but now seems to be spreading from person-to-person. It is important to note that person-to-person spread can happen on a continuum. Some viruses are highly contagious (like measles), while other viruses are less so.
At this time, it is unclear how easily this virus is spreading between people, but concerns are that individuals that are infected can spread the virus before symptoms occur and after they have recovered. You can learn more of what is known about the spread of newly emerged coronaviruses at
https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/about/transmission.html .
The greatest risk of infection is for people in China or people who have traveled to China . Risk of infection is dependent on exposure. Patients with 2019-nCoV have reportedly had mild to severe respiratory illness with symptoms of: fever, cough and shortness of breath with many patients having developed pneumonia in both lungs.
The best way to prevent infection is to avoid being exposed to this virus. There are simple everyday preventive actions to help prevent the spread of respiratory viruses, including the following:
Avoid close contact with people who are sick. Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands. Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. Use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol if soap and water are not available. If you are sick, to keep from spreading respiratory illness to others, you should:
Stay home when you are sick. Cover your cough or sneeze with a tissue, then throw the tissue in the trash. Clean and disinfect frequently touched objects and surfaces. If you were in China within the past 14 days and feel sick with fever, cough, or are having difficulty breathing, you should get medical care. Call the office of your health care provider before you go and tell them about your recent travels and your symptoms. They will give you instructions on how to get care without exposing other people to your illness. While sick, avoid contact with people, don't go out and delay any travel to reduce the possibility of spreading illness to others.
There is currently no vaccine to protect against 2019-nCoV. The best way to prevent infection is to avoid being exposed to this virus.
Dr. Michael Dent , HealthLynked CEO stated ""The Corona Virus infection is a global health crisis and helping identify individuals who have been exposed to the virus and can infect others is the primary method to prevent further spread. The WHO provides updated statistics on new confirmed infections. So far in the US there are only 8 confirmed cases, but concerns are high that the virus will spread in the US as it has in China. We strongly encourage everyone to create a free HealthLynked profile so that they have easy access to their medical information in case they require medical attention.""
""Wearing a protective mask is one way to reduce exposure to airborne virus and they are in short supply. They are currently available online at MedOfficeDirect ( www.medofficediret.com ) our online medical supply partner.""
About HealthLynked Corp.
HealthLynked Corp. provides a solution for both patient members and providers to improve healthcare through the efficient exchange of medical information. The HealthLynked Network is a cloud-based platform that allows members to connect with their healthcare providers and take more control of their healthcare. Members enter their medical information, including medications, allergies, past surgeries and personal health records, in one convenient online and secure location, free of charge. Participating healthcare providers can connect with their current and future patients through the system. Benefits to in-network providers include the ability to utilize the HealthLynked patent pending patient access hub ""PAH"" for patient analytics. Other benefits for preferred providers include HLYK marketing tools to connect with their active and inactive patients to improve patient retention, access more accurate and current patient information, provide more efficient online scheduling and to fill last minute cancelations using our ""real time appointment scheduling"" all within our mobile application. Preferred providers pay a monthly fee to access these HealthLynked services. For additional information about HealthLynked Corp. visit www.healthlynked.com and connect with HealthLynked on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn.
Forward Looking Statements
Forward-Looking Statements in this press release, which are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results, including as a result of any acquisitions, performance or achievements may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""may,"" ""could,"" ""expect,"" ""intend,"" ""plan,"" ""seek,"" ""anticipate,"" ""believe,"" ""estimate,"" ""predict,"" ""potential,"" ""continue,"" ""likely,"" ""will,"" ""would"" and variations of these terms and similar expressions, or the negative of these terms or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by our management, and us are inherently uncertain. We caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which are made as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any of these forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, new information or future events, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward looking statements, except to the extent required by applicable laws. If we update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. Certain risks and uncertainties applicable to our operations and us are described in the ""Risk Factors"" section of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other filings we have made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are available at www.sec.gov ."
Will The Corona Virus Trigger A Recession?. 	"As if waking up to an economic nightmare, investors see headlines like these and many others flashing across their Bloomberg terminals: Facebook says Oculus headphone production will be delayed due to virus Apple extends country wide store closing for another week Foxconn delays iPhone production Qualcomm cuts production forecast due to virus uncertainty Starbucks announces China store closures through Lunar New Year, uncertain when they may reopen US Steel flashes a warning of a cut in demand Nike shoe production halted Under Armour missed on sales, and their outlook is weak. They partially blamed the Corona Virus outbreak. IEA forecasts drop in oil demand this quarter- first time in a decade
The seemingly never ending list of delays, disruptions, and cuts rolls on from retail to high technology. Even services are impacted as flights and train trips are canceled within and to and from China. While some technology-based services are provided over the Internet service, restaurants, training, and consulting, as examples, must be performed in person. Manufacturing operations require workers to be at the factory to produce products. Thus, manufacturing is much more acutely affected by quarantines, shutdowns, transportation disruption, and other government actions.
It is as if an economic tsunami is rolling over the global economy. China’s economy was 18 % of world GDP in 2019. For most S & P 100 corporations, the Asian giant is their fastest growing market at 20 – 30 % per year. Even more critical, China has become the hub of world manufacturing after entering the World Trade Organization in 2000. Over the past two decades, U.S. corporations have relocated manufacturing to China to leverage an inexpensive labor force and modern business infrastructure.

Prior to the epidemic, world trade had begun to slow as a result of the China – U.S. trade war and other tariffs. World trade for the first time since the last recession has turned negative."
People Think You Get Coronavirus from Corona Beer, And It’s So Sad. 	"In thousands of reportage about coronavirus, there is bad news, there is good news, and then there is this news.
Ever since the novel coronavirus made headlines in December 2019, a number of people have been confused, thinking the disease is somehow related to a popular brand of beer: Corona.
Results on Google Trends show a disturbing number of people have looked up “Corona Beer Virus” and “Beer Virus” since December. On January 25, some 100 people around the world looked up “Beer Virus,” while 88 looked up “Corona Beer Virus”.
The Philippines is among the top countries that searched for the two keywords, placing 13th on the list after the United States and Australia. Meanwhile, memes about Corona Beer and coronavirus are circulating on social media.
Stand with Corona #CoronaBeer pic.twitter.com/02dNpKMsYO
— Anasse Azzaoui (@AzzaouiAnasse) January 29, 2020 According to Google, searches related to coronavirus have spiked more than a thousand times in January. Below are some of the most searched terms about the disease.
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW Global search interest for “coronavirus symptoms” has spiked +1,050% this week. ???? Here are the top searched questions in the past 24 hours. #coronavirus #GoogleTrends pic.twitter.com/bPVsL3hCYW
— GoogleTrends (@GoogleTrends) January 21, 2020 For the sake of people googling “Corona Beer Virus” and “Beer Virus,” we decided to answer some of these questions.
1| What is coronavirus? It is a family of viruses that includes SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) and MERS (Middle East respiratory syndrome), so called because of the spikes on the surface of the virus, which seems to form a corona or crown. The current novel coronavirus that originated from Wuhan, China is a new strain.
2| Is coronavirus deadly? The currently spreading novel coronavirus is highly infectious and has killed 170 people as of this writing. Yes, it is deadly.
3| Where does coronavirus come from?
Not from Corona or beer. Scientists think the novel coronavirus is a strain that jumped from snakes to humans, according to a study published in the Journal of Medical Virology . The virus has since mutated to be able to pass from human to human through coughing and sneezing.
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
4| Where does Corona Beer come from? Corona is produced in Mexico and is the top-selling imported beer in the United States. In the Philippines, Corona is available in groceries and convenience stores nationwide."
"The ""Corona Situation"": An ongoing Investigative Series . "	"Story by Celia Farber with research contributions from Tracy Beanz
Part one of an UncoverDC Investigation
It’s breathtaking how we have all become self-invented virologists; how strong our opinions are on “viruses,” and what they have in mind for us. It’s never good. I am known for “denying” the horrors attributed to HIV, which was projected to kill 90 million Americans by 1993, and my denialism brought violent retaliation—but if you check the numbers, I was correct. So were many others, all similarly destroyed for the sin of countering wild fear in an age of viral-mania.
Fear drives markets, and HIV is now a trillion-dollar industry. The level of HIV (measured by questionable technologies) has remained a steady line in the US population since they began measuring. It has not “gone up.” Africa, predicted to be “wiped off the map,” has instead seen a population explosion the same size as the entire US population; over 350 million, since the mid-1980’s.
They (the globalists) have been gunning for the next AIDS for a long time.
Bird flu fizzled, SARS, MERS—all of them fizzled. Now we have a new monster, and we are calling it “corona,” instead of its actual name which is 2019 n-CoV, also known as the “novel” coronavirus. This is indeed a new nightmare, but not necessarily for the reasons we are being told.
Tracy Beanz and I have been studying the “Corona Situation”, as I will call it, and we are ready to separate some wheat from some chaff. Please know that “viruses” are the most dangerous geo-political pieces on the chess board. Globalists know this and have known it since AIDS.
Classical virology, along with classical virolog ists , were destroyed by AIDS and displaced by industries of population control and control of the earth’s resources. That said, let’s look closely at the “Corona Situation”. The story is directed by mass media, and therefore, we must navigate via media “events.” However, before we can say anything intelligible, we must go back, and set the stage. We must tell the back story, and separate media stories from what is actually happening.
China just locked down 14 million people. Only China can do something on that scale. Someone should tell Bernie Sanders’ lusty socialists that this is precisely what their revered ideology can deliver. That said, we have to presume there is an enormous problem in China. What is the nature of it?
What our Creator calls a “virus” verses what the mass globalist media, UN, Bill Gates, or Laurie Garret call a “virus” are very different. In many cases, “viruses” are technological artifacts, “seen” in the lucrative tests patented to “detect” them, lacking any real scientific rigor or model to find out what- left to their own devices- and without trillion dollar geopolitical warfare and industry, they might actually do to cells.
Viruses are, with few exceptions, benign, harmless, sometimes even helpful. The notion that we must declare “war” on them emerges from the post federal reserve military industrial complex, central to which, is the CDC—a military organization. Some recommended reading: Fear Of The Invisible by Janine Roberts. Roberts revealed that “retroviruses” are in fact helpful DNA messenger systems working to protect us against a barrage of toxic threats.
The idea that “viruses” (especially RNA viruses) have extreme pathogenicity, super-evil intention, high intelligence, and capacity to spread via human contact, is the single greatest concept a globalist controller has at his disposal. So, we proceed with respect for nature , and begin with a quote from Rudolph Steiner, that perfectly addresses the spiritual battle we face.
In 1914, Rudolf Steiner said
“People today are haunted by a fear we can compare with the medieval fear of ghosts. It is the fear of germs. … The modern age has lost this belief in the spiritual world; it believes in material things. It therefore has a fear of material beings, be they ever so small….Germs flourish most intensively when we take nothing but materialistic thoughts into sleep with us…(or) live in the center of an epidemic or endemic illness, and (tend) to think of nothing but the sickness all around, filled only with a fear of getting sick….If this fear can be reduced, even a little by, for example, active love and, while tending the sick, forgetting for a time that one might also be infected, the conditions are less favorable for the germs….If people were given thoughts that lead them away from materialism and spur them on to active love out of the spirit, it would serve the future of humanity better.”
Presence of the Dead on the Spiritual Path, May 5, 1914
Rudolf Steiner and Germ Ghosts,
Dr. Kelly Sutton
This is important. Viruses have become negative deities in a secular world. If there is a unifying global religion, it is the faith in the necessity of fearing “emerging” viruses, pandemics, “novel” diseases and so forth. Hype, speed, media, guilt, globalism—all of this breaks down foundational epidemiology, which depends on slowness and rigor. With all these new “viral outbreaks,” we can’t distinguish between the media’s movie and reality. Generally lacking? Viral purification, reliable gold-standard testing, causation modeling, and Koch’s Postulates ; four principles that must be met before you can state that an organism causes a disease.
So, what do we know for sure?
Coronaviruses are a family of common cold viruses. They were detected in the 1960’s and have likely been “around” since the dawn of mankind. There are said to be seven of them. They all cause cough, fever, headache, and respiratory issues. None have ever been considered highly lethal, though it’s hard to separate them from common pneumonia, which is the leading cause of death from infectious disease in the world.
The most famous corona-associated illness is SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome.) Another, less famous, was called MERS (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome.) MERS was thought to have originated in camels. For SARS, which “emerged” in China in 2002 and set off its own panic industrial complex, the final statistics were 8,437 cases in 30 countries, 813 deaths. For MERS, identified in Saudi Arabia in 2012, they were 2,494 cases in 27 countries, with 858 deaths. This, despite the fact that Saudi farmers kissed their camels in defiance of government orders to practice “camel avoidance.”
From a 2012 BBC report , this delightful bit:
In recent days, Saudi Arabia has urged people to wear masks and gloves when dealing with camels, to stay away from raw camel meat and camel milk, and not to go near sick animals, the newspaper Gulf News reports . But some people have refused to listen to the government’s advice, posting videos and sending messages in support of camels.
In one video , a man stands between a pair of camels and asks it to sneeze. “Look at me! Sneeze, sneeze! They say there’s Corona in this,” the man says, while hugging and kissing his two camels. Then he shakes one of the camels’ heads and says, “She says no. Is there Corona in you? She says no.”
In a 2005 paper, coronavirus was described in children hospitalized with respiratory tract infections in the Netherlands, where 9.3% of 300 specimens tested positive for human coronavirus. None died. Ah, you say, but this was not the novel Corona virus. This is true, and the significance of that we will get to shortly.
Pneumonia is the leading cause of death in adults and children in rural China, and the fourth leading cause of death overall. As biochemist Dr. Dave Rasnick points out in a recent interview, 2.8 million to 17 million Chinese die of pneumonia every year.
Still, the narrative about the new coronavirus (2019 nCoV) is this: A “string of mysterious pneumonia cases” appeared in the city of Wuhan, population 11 million, thought (for reasons never explained) to be associated with a seafood market, selling a variety of animals, including live ones. I am not clear what makes one pneumonia “mysterious” but not another, in China.
According to factcheck.org : “Officials reported the outbreak to the World Health Organization on Dec 31….By Jan. 7, Chinese authorities had isolated 2019 nCoV as the cause of the disease, and shared the genome a few days later. This allowed other countries to test for the virus, and for scientists to begin devising treatments and investigating how the outbreak began.”
The WHO declared the Corona outbreak a “public health emergency” on January 30th. There are reports of mass cremations, of people being arrested, imprisoned for shooting video inside hospitals; but there is also seemingly state sanctioned video of brave doctors tearfully bidding their families goodbye to march off into certain death on the Corona battle front. It’s never been more important to use the word “ostensibly” in front of every “fact” we believe we see on our screens.
The media landscape is this: legacy media are scolding “conspiracy” theorists for spreading “falsehoods” about the novel coronavirus. Chief among them? That it is a biological weapon that “escaped” a level 4 lab or was possibly stolen by Chinese spies working at level 4 labs in Canada. Said conspiracy theorists, many of them, are citing a draft paper, now retracted, that claimed there were four “HIV inserts” in the nCoV genome; a genome which China shared as soon as it was sequenced. For more information on genomes, you can find that interview mentioned above in a link at the bottom of this piece.
Dr. Francis Boyle of The Council for Responsible Genetics has been featured on InfoWars and other outlets with his theory that this is a bio-weapon, with a fusion of HIV, SARS, and synthetic vectors. He is coining the term “death scientists,” scientists working with the weaponization of organisms, who seek out pathogens to DNA splice, enhance, and reverse engineer with vaccines. “The whole synthetic biology field has been financed by The Pentagon, for biological warfare purposes,” he told Owen Shroyer, pointing out that there is a BSL-4 lab in Wuhan.
My point does not necessarily conflict with his: My point is that none of this goes on in nature. The Globalists’ evil is precisely that they impose upon nature their own dark works. The effect is to displace that which is nature, creation, which aims always at life, with something that aims always at death.
This is, in my mind, the great danger.
I don’t deny that any weaponized pathogen could cause a “pandemic.” I deny that a coronavirus as seen in medical literature past and present shows any signs of sudden death pathogenic impact, and possibly even more so one that was briefly reported to contain “HIV”. As a scholar of twenty years on the topic of HIV, I speak from a position of some stature.
The other conspiracy theorists are being derided over the notion that corona scare is a prelude for a vaccine that already exists. Here it gets interesting. The best way to find truth in this arena is to look at the admonishment and derision in mainstream media and investigate the opposite. There is always a very precise way you are meant to respond to viral terror campaigns, to be a good person, appropriately aware of the threat.
A January 25th USA Today article scolds : “Following the outbreak of a respiratory disease caused by a new coronavirus in Wuhan, China in December and the announcement of the first American case Jan. 21, several groups and individuals are circulating false rumors on Facebook about the mystery pathogen . Numerous posts claim the virus has been patented — and some even suggest, incorrectly, that the virus was made in a lab and a vaccine already exists. “The new fad disease called the ‘coronavirus’ is sweeping headlines,” one Facebook post , taken from Twitter, reads. Another, which was shared by others , and is part of a series of false coronavirus posts, proclaims that the virus is “‘new’ yet it was lab created and patented in 2015 (in development since 03’). In fact, there is no vaccine yet available for the new coronavirus, which for now goes by the unwieldy moniker of 2019 novel coronavirus, or 2019-nCoV. And there is no patent related to the new virus, either.”
This makes it sound like no vaccines exist for any coronavirus. In fact, the US developed a vaccine for SARS, and it was used in China. To wit, from HowStuffWorks :
“In 2004, U.S. researchers successfully gave a SARS vaccine to mice in a trial. The researchers later exposed these mice to the actual SARS vaccine; they found that these mice had very few virus particles in their lungs compared to mice who never received the SARS vaccine. This type of vaccine is much safer than other vaccines that are commonly used, as it uses DNA, rather than killed forms of the actual virus, such as in the conventional flu vaccine .
In China, in 2004, researchers successfully vaccinated people with the SARS vaccine. They found that there were very few side effects associated with the vaccine. Researchers claim that an effective and approved SARS vaccine takes three to five years to produce. There is hope, therefore, that if there is another SARS outbreak in the future, the world will be well-equipped with an effective vaccine [source: SciDevNet ].”
On Del Bigtree’s show The Highwire , scientist James Lyons-Weiler from The Institute for Applied Knowledge stepped forward and said he had analyzed the new Corona virus’ entire genetic sequence and found a “weird element.” He said:
“ I ’ve analyzed the entire genome sequence of this and compared to the entire genome sequence of all the other coronavirus….There is this weird element that doesn’t belong there. I have found that it actually did match a vector technology that was from the 1998, that was the first time it was published in the National Academy of Sciences. This victor technology is a mechanism by which molecular biologists insert new genes into viruses and bacteria. It’s really unusual to find a vector technology in a virus that is circulating among humans. So one thing we can say for certain is this particular virus has a laboratory origin. It should not be in the wild. If you take that sequence and compare it to other proteins that it encodes we find that it is actually a SARS protein that was put into coronavirus for the purpose of making the vaccine work better.”
I would implore you to visit Dr. Lyons-Weiler’s website and take a read through some of the research done into this recent outbreak. Eye opening, for sure. There will be more we address here. Much more, in fact.
Put simply, the SARS scare led to a SARS vaccine. The new coronavirus has a “weird element” that is an “insert,” or “vector technology” that is a “SARS protein,” that was supposed to make the vaccine work better. The mystery is, why is a coronavirus, a family of viruses which cause respiratory distress but are not commonly fatal, (basically cold viruses) and have been around seemingly forever, suddenly causing China to shut down, leading to global panic?
I found five words in a PLoS paper from 2006, that worried me. The paper is called “Vaccine Efficacy In Senescent Mice Challenged with Recombinant SARS-CoV Bearing Epidemic and Zoonotic Spike Variants” . The five words are: “… pathological changes in the lungs.” Never mind that it worried me, it worried the authors of the paper. They wrote:
“The researchers created vaccines based on SARS-CoV S and SARS-CoV N by taking the genes coding for those proteins and inserting them into another type of virus particle that acted as a delivery vehicle. They injected mice with these vaccines and then tested whether the mice generated an immune response against the specific SARS proteins, which they did. The next step was to work out whether mice injected with the vaccines would be protected against later infection with SARS-CoV. The researchers found that mice injected with vaccine based on SARS-CoV S were protected against later infection with a standard SARS-CoV strain, both in the short term (eight weeks after vaccination) and the long term (54 weeks after vaccination). However, the vaccine based on SARS-CoV N did not seem to result in protection, and, worryingly, caused pathological changes in the lungs of mice following virus challenge.” (emphasis added)
If we are looking at a bio-lab catastrophe here, it seems likely the catastrophe was caused by genetic tampering gone wrong. What happens to Chinese people, vaccinated with SARS vaccine, who are then re-exposed to a coronavirus? Is this what is making this coronavirus so deadly? Or, is it deadly? Is it deadly only in Chinese? Have any non-Chinese died? The literature on 2019 n-CoV does not reflect catastrophic pathogenicity that would explain events in China. We must also factor in that we don’t know what the true death toll is, nor can we know who to trust. We are dealing with the nation of China; a communist authoritarian society not well known for truthfulness in information, especially when that information could be detrimental to their image.
In a paper titled Corona Virus Panic, David Crowe, who hosts a podcast called The Infectious Myth, and heads the largely ignored think tank “Rethinking AIDS,” established in the early 90’s to give voice to the many scientists objecting to Robert Gallo’s infectious HIV/AIDS hypothesis, the following puzzling facts were cited about actual Corona cases:
“The symptom onset date of the first patient identified was Dec 1, 2019. None of his family members developed fever or any respiratory symptoms. No epidemiological link was found between the first patient and later cases. ”
Crowe has broken down cluster groups exposed to 2019 n-CoV. In an email to UncoverDC, he said:
“In one paper trying to establish a transmission chain, one of the important people in the chain, who did get quite sick, tested negative despite 18 different samples being tested in various ways. While her son, the 10-year-old, was positive without clinical symptoms. ”
In another paper trying to establish a transmission chain, three German employees tested positive after meeting with a healthy Chinese woman whose first symptoms were on the plane back to China. Two of those three had no major illness. The third had something similar to a flu, took 3 days off work (not knowing at this time about the Chinese woman’s diagnosis), took no special precautions, and came back to work the same day the Chinese woman informed the company she’d tested positive.”
Well that’s interesting.
Either the test is useless, or Germans are immune.
At Factcheck.org, I found this:
“Most corona viruses that infect humans are relatively benign and cause mild respiratory diseases such as the common cold,” said Susan Weiss, a corona virus researcher at the University of Pennsylvania, in a phone interview.”
The reported case fatality rate of 2019 nCoV is around 2-3%, as compared to 10% for SARS. There have been a handful of cases in the United States, people returning from China, and one transmission between a married couple in close proximity. All so far have had mild symptoms and recovered.
Again, according to Fact Check.org:
“Initial reports indicate that while healthy people can fall seriously ill, deaths are largely confined to older folks and those with pre-existing conditions such a diabetes, Parkinson’s disease and liver cirrhosis.”
From reporting, this does not appear to be a “level 4” pathogen. Neither particularly infectious nor particularly pathogenic. But why then, would China elect to quarantine 14 million and shut down its own economy? Something is very, very wrong here.
I happened upon—who else—Laurie Garrett (CFR, Bill Gates’ favorite author) on a talk show the other day, setting us straight about coronavirus. She was honest enough to admit coronaviruses are one of two common families of cold viruses, then she advised the usual precautions: hand washing, gloves, and avoidance of human contact. When asked about that part by one of the hosts, a change came over her. Her voice became louder, and she grew extra animated when she said, in an almost irritated tone of voice: “ We call it social distancing.”
We do ?
How many millions of dollars in Globalist slush funds did it take for them to produce that little gem of social engineering?
None of the deferential hosts challenged her on the long list of plagues she has peddled that failed to materialize, including AIDS, Bird Flu, SARS, Zika–
Here’s a classic Laurie Garrett lede, from a 2005 article in Foreign Affairs titled The Next Pandemic?
“Scientists have long forecast the appearance of an influenza virus capable of infecting 40 percent of the world’s human population and killing unimaginable numbers. Recently, a new strain, H5N1 avian influenza, has shown all the earmarks of becoming that disease. Until now, it has largely been confined to certain bird species, but that may be changing.”
And this graph is also a classic:
“In short, doom may loom. But note the “may.” If the relentlessly evolving virus becomes capable of human-to-human transmission, develops a power of contagion typical of human influenzas, and maintains its extraordinary virulence, humanity could well face a pandemic unlike any ever witnessed. Or nothing at all could happen. Scientists cannot predict with certainty what this H5N1 influenza will do.”
Yes, Laurie, we note the “may.” It’s one of your favorite words. A great many things “may” happen, but media ought to devote itself to what has happened.
Johns Hopkins University has launched a “visualization tool,” to help you see all the countries where Corona cases turn up. The CDC has also “…launched its own state and global maps to show the location of confirmed cases.”
And what’s more? Every single detail of the script for this corona “pandemic” was foreshadowed in the CDC-backed Soderberg propaganda film Contagion , in 2011: The virus originates from Hong Kong. People keel over dead. It came from bats. The CDC recommends “social distancing.” It is feared to be a biological weapon. It trashes “conspiracy theorists” and people who peddle “herbs” and “snake oil” on the internet. Public quarantines are imposed. It was filmed literally on the grounds (Druid Hills) of CDC headquarters in Atlanta, EIS officers were script consultants, as well as CDC, and Laurie Garrett, Lawrence Brilliant, the WHO, W. Ian Lipkin and a host of other plague luminaries. Scientists praised the ghastly movie—even Paul Offit loved it.
It was produced by Jeffrey Skoll’s Participant Productions “dedicated to entertainment intended to spur social change.” And its budget was a whopping $60 million.
There are many ways to interpret the mass quarantine in China. Most media, and NIH’s Anthony Fauci, have taken Chinese action as an indication of a coming “pandemic.” But the Chinese are already suggesting the worst is over–that early detection and “timely quarantine,” while waiting out the incubation period will end the crisis. Zhong Nanshan, described as a “renowned Chinese respiratory expert,” has said the death rate can be expected to drop soon . Unlike HIV, the Chinese themselves have promised this will not be rolled out as a “forever virus”, but rather, as Nanshan says, “Those without clinical symptoms do not actually have the disease.” That means it likely won’t become a parallel monetary system, like the HIV industry.
But that doesn’t mean the trillion dollar HIV industry isn’t getting in on the action. A combination of two anti-HIV drugs is being used to treat novel corona patients, which is alarming, as it could peg highly toxic drugs to a lung related illness that scientists, by their own admission, don’t have really any answers about . That is worrying many scientists in the field, and many of them are sounding the alarm. We’ve already established that up to 17 million Chinese die of pneumonia (as opposed to “mysterious pneumonia”) every year. I still do not understand what made these pneumonia cases stand out, leading to the lock-down and the global panic. HIV drugs are certainly not indicated as first line treatment for pneumonia.
Globalists like global diseases and pandemics. They love contagion and nothing else. Environmentally induced illnesses don’t interest them at all. All their conferences, grants, NGO’s, galas– all of that depends upon contagion as religion. A curious and off-putting faith in the invisible viral deity’s capacity to do supernatural things we can’t see yet.
Nobody should listen to a word Anthony Fauci says, that much is certain. He has yet to come clean that none of his propaganda about HIV’s sexual spread has panned out, never mind its lack of purification, pathogenicity, etc. A 10-year study was done that Tony Fauci would prefer we never mention. Known as the “Padian study,” it was a study to see how infectious HIV was. The focus was on HIV antibodies. In the study were 175 “discordant” couples, one HIV positive, one HIV negative. The couples had sex freely and often unprotected over a 10 year period. No seroconversions were observed. Padian has express fury at “deniers” who cite her study as proof the HIV theory is wrong. But the study is hard to deny or erase from history. All they can ever do is destroy the messengers.
We don’t know what is going in in China—not yet. It’s clear that something is very wrong, and that it has lots of people, from government bureaucrats to the citizens experiencing these conditions in China, to our elected officials, and even the CDC, confused. The only question is, what exactly are they confused about? Does anybody have the script or are we working from a tear in the globalist’s tightly spun fabric?
Or better to say: Straight-jacket.
This is a continuing series from UncoverDC. Please continue to check back here for new information. To read more of Celia’s work on HIV, and view the full interview with Dr. David Rasnick, please click here .
Celia Farber is s a contributor to UncoverDC and The Epoch Times, and has in the past written for Harper’s, Esquire, Rolling Stone and more. Having been gravely injured in legacy media, she never wants to go back. She is the recipient of the Semmelweis International Society Clean Hands Award For Investigative Journalism, the author of “Serious Adverse Events: An Uncensored History of AIDS”. She is also the editor of The Truth Barrier, an investigative and literary website. "
Rumored Buzz on corona virus flu. 	"A U.S. resident who a short while ago returned from a excursion to central China continues to be diagnosed with the new virus. Wellness officers explained Tuesday which the man returned to your Seattle space in the middle of final week just after touring on the Wuhan spot, where the outbreak began. Olivia Vanni, The Herald by using APBut the pressure’s arrival in the 5 boroughs was predicted “faster rather than afterwards” provided the city’s standing as a world transportation hub with the largest Chinese population beyond Asia, Mayor de Blasio explained, citing the “speedy” distribute of your rising virus.“We have been making ready on the belief that it isn't really a question of ‘if’ but an issue of ‘when’ we begin to have cases of coronavirus listed here in New York Metropolis,” he said.The United Nations wellness agency announced the choice immediately after unbiased experts used two times examining details about the distribute of your recently discovered coronavirus.The globe Wellbeing Corporation hasn't declared a worldwide crisis but, indicating it really is ready to discover how the virus develops. Health and fitness care staff will have to wear gloves, medical center gowns, eye safety for example goggles or maybe a confront protect, and slip on an N95 mask or respirator. They need to report the individual for the county health Division and collect samples for tests, in accordance with the CDC.Chinese law enforcement put on protective masks as they stand guard with a principal road on January 31, 2020 in Beijing, China. The volume of cases of a lethal new coronavirus rose to Just about 9700 in mainland China Friday, the day just after the World Wellbeing Group declared the outbreak a global public overall health crisis.The new virus could possibly be only a month or two aged, but now it is a great deal more popular than either SARS or MERS. So far it appears to induce fewer critical ailment than its sister viruses.Journal of Health-related Virology: “Homologous recombination throughout the spike glycoprotein of the freshly determined coronavirus might Raise cross-species transmission from snake to human.”An out-of-Manage virus — now imagined to unfold by way of human to human Get in touch with — has long been One of the most terrifying potential clients both of those for the final populace and for investors worried that some external occasion could convey to an end The most impressive sector click here bull operates and American economic expansions on document... Students just need to know far more details about this virus right before taking place campus. We don't need to danger our life by attending course.""Coronavirus effect on India: Two of the sufferers experienced returned from China weekly ago and the opposite had returned about a month back. As many as 33,552 travellers who arrived in China in a hundred and fifty five flights as of Monday, have been screened for any probable coronavirus.Linking to the non-federal Web-site isn't going to represent an endorsement by CDC or any of its personnel from the sponsors or the knowledge and products and solutions presented on the website.Meanwhile, China’s economic regulators said they may suspend trading around the Shanghai and Shenzhen inventory exchanges to get a longer stretch of time following a long vacation as dread above the extent with the outbreak spread."
Had Been Observed, Patient in Karimun Regional Hospital Not Infected by Corona Virus. 	"The results of throat fluid lab test of a male patient who had been observed at Regional General Hospital (RSUD) Muhammad Sani in Karimun Regency have come out.
The patient who came from Rangsang Subdistrict, Kepulauan Meranti Regency, Riau Province was declared negative exposed to Corona virus .
Karimun District Health Department received the results of laboratory test on Friday (14/2/2020) afternoon.
""We only got the result at Friday afternoon,"" said Head of Karimun District Health Department , Rachmadi.
With this result, the patient will be moved to a regular treatment room.
Where previously he was treated separately from other patients for about a week.
""Then moved to the usual treatment room,"" said Rachmadi.
It was previously reported that the patient visited Muhammad Sani Regional Hospital on Friday (7/2/2020).
He came with complaints of fever, cough, flu and shortness of breath.
Because it has a history of travel from Malaysia, medical personnel directly observed.
He is known to have returned from Malaysia on January 30, 2020.
It is feared that patients exposed to Corona virus medical staff then observe patients and provide care that is different and separate from other patients.
While disembarking at Tanjungbalai Karimun International Port, the patient had not yet suffered pain, so the thermoscanner was not detected.
Before the laboratory test results come out, the patient's condition continues to improve.
Beside fever down, he also did not complain of breath shortness again."
What is 2019-nCov?: A primer on the disease alarming the world. 	"Countries around the world are on alert due to the spread of the 2019 novel coronavirus (nCoV) which has afflicted more than 800 individuals and caused 26 deaths, sparking concerns worldwide.
A passenger shows an illustration of the coronavirus on his mobile phone at Guangzhou airport in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China, 23 January 2020. he Department of Health (DOH) said coronaviruses are a “large family of viruses ranging from the common cold to more serious infections” such as the Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS).
Health Secretary Francisco Duque III said there are six known strains of coronavirus at present, including SARS and MERS-CoV.
“The other four (strains) are thought to be the ones causing common colds–much less serious clinical manifestations,” he said.
Some of the common signs of coronavirus infection include fever, cough, and shortness of breath. DOH said severe cases may cause pneumonia, acute respiratory syndrome, kidney failure, and sometimes lead to death.
Duque said coronaviruses can be transmitted “via aerial droplets” or through coughing and sneezing.
“Globally, novel coronaviruses emerge periodically in different areas, including SARS in 2002 and MERS in 2012. Several known coronaviruses are circulating in animals that have not yet infected humans. As surveillance improves, more coronaviruses are likely to be identified,” the World Health Organization (WHO) said in a statement last Jan. 9.
2019-nCoV
Last Jan. 9, the WHO said the then-“mysterious virus” was an unknown strain of coronavirus. It was suspected that the virus originated in a seafood market in Wuhan, China.
The virus then spread to other Asian countries including Thailand, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, and Hongkong. It has also already reached the United States of America.
“Initially, the said disease was thought to be transmitted through animal contact but recent reports show human-to-human transmission,” Duque said.
Reports said the virus is being linked to wild animals being sold in food markets in Wuhan City.
However, WHO Country Representative to the Philippines Dr. Rabindra Abeyasinghe emphasized that “at this point in time, there are still a lot of unknown issues” surrounding the new virus.
“We are not sure of the source of the virus–where they came from–an animal meat or another source. We believed that there may be human-to-human transmission. The situation at this point in time, we still need to [better] understand the mode of transmission and what needs to be done specifically for management,” Abeyasinghe said.
“We are in the early stage of trying to understand how severe this infection is and how many deaths that it will likely cause.”
Allaying fears
“The WHO or the Chinese Ministry [of Health] until now has not located the source of the virus,” Health Undersecretary Rolando Enrique Domingo said.
He allayed fears concerning the new strain of coronavirus, saying its manifestations are not that “severe” compared to SARS and MERS-CoV.
“First of all, what we see now with the 2019-nCoV ….for most patients, it’s not fatal. There have been reports of 17 fatalities out of more than 540 cases–meaning 97 percent of the patients have mild disease or recovered,” Domingo said.
[There are now 26 deaths and 830 infected as of this posting.]
“Like any other illness, like any other flu, talagang ang nakikita rin natin dito na meron talagang potential na magkaroon ng complications and even result in death would be those who are weaker, mga immunocompromised, may mga sakit na iba, mga matatanda, saka s’yempre mga bata (Like any other illness, like any other flu– we are seeing that those who have the potential to have complications and even result in death would be those who are weaker, immunocompromised, who have pre-existing medical condition, elderly people, and children),” Domingo said.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said SARS “had caused a worldwide outbreak in 2002 to 2003 with 8,098 probable cases including 774 deaths.” In the Philippines, “10 probable cases with two deaths” were recorded during the outbreak, the WHO said.
Domingo said they only suspect a person of being infected with 2019-nCoV infection if:
1. There is a history of travel to China, particularly to Wuhan;
2. The patient has worked in a hospital in Wuhan;
3. The patient has had contact with someone diagnosed with 2019-nCoV;
4. There are signs and symptoms of respiratory tract infection or fever.
“So, kailangan kumpleto naman ‘yung rekado na iyon bago natin masuspetsa na meron tayong infection ng bagong virus na ito (So, these criteria need to be present before we suspect that we have an infection of this new virus),” Domingo said.
Domingo noted that it is currently the flu season in the Philippines.
“Otherwise, halimbawa sipon, lagnat, ubo lamang naman, pero hindi naman tayo pumunta sa Wuhan, China (for example, it’s cold, fever, or cough and we did not go to Wuhan, China), then we have to realize that it’s also flu season in the Philippines now. January, February is flu season, and it’s probably the common flu that you have,” he added.
Duque, meanwhile, said that illnesses caused by coronaviruses are “essentially self-limiting conditions” and one may recover immediately if coupled with “supportive treatment,” adding that strengthening the immune system is very important.
PH ready
Domingo assured the public that the DOH is ready to manage cases of 2019-nCoV if ever it is detected in the country.
“We have the infrastructure and we have the system ready. It’s really just a matter of activating it. Ever since SARS, meron na tayong quick-response system na gagawin (we have a quick-response system in place). In this case, nagkakaroon lang ng konting (there are a few) modification kasi (because) from SARS to MERS-CoV to novel coronavirus for 2019,” he said.
Abeyasinghe advised the public to practice good personal hygiene and cook food thoroughly.
“What WHO is advocating together with the DOH is you practice good hygiene. Use soap and wash your hands, particularly if you are having signs of acute respiratory infection. Practice cough etiquette–use tissue or handkerchiefs so that you prevent droplet spread,” he said.
“This coronavirus— we’re still not sure of the source of it so as the case of other coronaviruses –we are saying, ensure that your food is properly cooked because it could be coming from animal meat. If you are handling animal meat, make sure if you are handling raw meat, wash your hands, clean your cutting boards, so that there is no possibility of contaminating other fresh food.”
The DOH said it is closely coordinating with WHO and China Center for Disease Control for updates regarding the latest developments on the 2019-nCoV."
corona virus and export opportunity: India has a chance to beat China by increasing exports karona virus: CEA - corona virus is an opportunity for India to expnad exports: cea subramanian. 	"Karona outbreak could also be an opportunity to enhance exports for India Karona virus provides India a good chance to comply with export based mostly mannequin China imports numerous elements and components and assembles and exports them. India additionally works on the identical sample within the case of cell manufacturing.
Kolkata The unfold of the Karona virus in China is an opportunity for India. Taking benefit of this opportunity, India can beat China when it comes to exports. Chief Economic Advisor Krishnamurthy Subramanian says the outbreak of the virus in China could possibly be an opportunity to enhance exports to India. India is one of many main commerce companions of China in Asia and additionally has a excessive commerce deficit with China.Krishnamurthy mentioned, ‘It is very troublesome to say what impact it can have on India-China relations when it comes to commerce. However, the Karona virus undoubtedly provides India a good chance to comply with the export based mostly mannequin. Krishnamurthy mentioned these items in IIM Calcutta.
Read: 45000 crore plan to beat China
He additional mentioned, China imports a number of elements and components and assembles and exports them. He mentioned, ‘India additionally works on the identical sample when it comes to cell manufacturing. In such a scenario, it may be a good opportunity for India if seen from this perspective.
Talking about GDP, Subramanian mentioned that within the Economic Survey it has been estimated to be 6-6.5% within the subsequent monetary yr. This has been selected the idea of estimates. The normal funds additionally positioned a lot of emphasis on rural consumption and capital expenditure. With this, he mentioned, ‘In any financial system, the expansion price is not fixed, however we’ve to hold the common price in a vary.’
The quantity of people that died due to the Karono virus epidemic rose to 1,110 on Wednesday after 94 new deaths had been reported from Hubei, China."
Kenyan Government Hires A Private Jet To Send Blood Samples To South Africa For Corona-Virus Test. 	"A kenyan student arrived in Wuhan City Last September.
He applied for a competitive scholarship to study administrative management and was awarded it after several attempts.
The new coronavirus emerged just when he was settling in at Huazhong University of science and technology. The whatsapp group for kenyan students in china stopped talking about academics, and started checking on each other and sharing information about the disease.
He says the death toll kept rising and before he knew it, the city was under lockdown. He says he and his colleagues are afraid to circulate in the city.
“some of them are very scared here in their rooms, like the whole day they remain indoors,” he said. “those are the directions we have been given by the authorities here, to avoid much interaction. If you pay much attention on that [the death toll], i don’t know what will happen to you because there is so much information from different people. The more you listen to them, the more you pay attention, the more scared you become.” "
Pets Are Paying a Price for the Whuhan Corona Virus, Though they Don’t Get Sick or Spread the Virus. 	" Dogs and cats are paying an ultimate price, though there’s zero evidence they can get sick this new corona virus strain or act as a conduit to transmit the corona virus to people. Still people are abandoning their pets, letting them outdoors to fend for themselves which subject them to be a target of officials who round up and kill stray animals. Another problem is when homes have been evacuated, many people never had the opportunity to take their pets with, or there was nowhere to go with pets so they were forced to leave the animals behind. Now, many are literally starving.
While people are afraid, extreme ignorance and fear can predominate. There are reports (even online video) of people throwing pets out of windows to dispose of them.
According to at least one printed report , one village in Hebei (and other villages as well) urged all households to “deal with” their pets within five days, otherwise officials would “handle” them; another residential committee in Shaanxi instructed people to “consider the overall situation” and dispose of their cats and dogs immediately.
Wuhan is taking another approach, reportedly banning its residents from letting their cats, dogs and livestock leave their homes. In a flyer posted in the community, local officials threatened to catch, kill and bury any wayward animals.
Again, according to the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Small Animal Veterinary Association , humans do not get the so-called Wuhan corona virus from pets, nor have pets become ill as a result of this strain of corona virus. Get My Newsletter!
Keep up with the latest pet news with the EXCLUSIVE STEVE DALE NEWSLETTER! So, Who is Steve Dale?
Steve Dale is a certified animal behavior specialist who has been a trusted voice in the world of pet health for over 20 years. You have likely heard him on the radio, read him in print and online, and seen him speaking at events all over the world. His contributions to advancing pet wellness have earned him many an award and recognition around the globe."
Corona Outbreak: Offical Number vs. Real Number. 	"It took me a few days to decide whether or not I want to write these articles. When I first mentioned it to my parents, they were crying out loud and asked one of my best friends to talk me out of it. Minutes after I published my first article, I saw visitors to my blog from “unknown region” and I got a text from my phone sending me a code to reset my Microsoft account password, which I did not ask for. I am not here to defame the Chinese government or promote any conspiracy theories. I am here to raise awareness about this outbreak, in the hope that Chinese people in China will receive foreign aids and people outside of China can do more to protect themselves.
There were several reasons as to why there was a delay in officially announcing the outbreak. First, the Chinese official thought that they would be able to contain the virus without causing widespread panic. Second, it was the Lunar New Year, the period where the economy would be the strongest, and lastly, you can understand that by watching HBO’s miniseries Chernobyl. Wuhan received the announcement to quarantine the city right before the eve of Lunar New Year. In other words, economy was the last thing in mind at that point. I saw a segment in CTV news the other day, the Canadian official was saying that he was worry about the economic impact that the outbreak would bring! And today, there was an organized event in Chinatown trying to boost people’s confidence and encourage them to celebrate the Lunar New Year as it should be! As a Chinese, I really appreciate politicians for talking about not to discriminate our community. However, it's foolish to play Princess Diana now by intentionally hugging people and not wearing mask. It's still flu season!
This flu season so far, 13 million Americans have contracted the flu and 6600 people have died from complications of the flu virus. It’s the deadliest in 40 years. As of today, the number of confirmed cases of the corona virus is 14,411, suspected cases 19,544 and 328 died. If the corona virus is less than a flu in fatality rate, why would China quarantine a city of 10 million people right before lunar new year? And as of now, 50 million people in the Hubei province are under lockdown. One major difference between the flu virus and the corona virus is that the flu virus is a DNA virus and Corona is a RNA virus. In short, a RNA virus is much more likely to mutate and it will keep on changing to adapt to their living environment, the human body. In fact, the confirmed cases of corona virus has already surpassed the total number of 8000 SARS patients in 2003. It took SARS almost half a year to reach 8000.
How was the official confirmed number and fatality number determined? Because this is also flu season, it’s hard to determine whether a person has corona or the flu. In order to confirm, their specimen has to be tested, or undergoing a CT scan to see any abnormalities in their lung. Who are “eligible” to receive the test kit and go under further exam? Only the ones who have been hospitalized because their condition is critical. It’s not hard to find videos on Youtube that show you how crowded the hospitals are in Wuhan, how many people are unable to be admitted, how many suspected cases have walked out of the hospital to potentially infect more people and how many cannot even make it to the hospital. Majority of the infected cases are not accounted for because their symptoms are mild or they are already dead, not to mention people who are still in incubation period.
One way to get near the actual number is to look at the percentage of infected cases among Japanese citizens evacuated out of Wuhan. There were 206 people that came out of Wuhan. At this time 20 of them have shown flu-like symptoms and 3 confirmed cases. These Japanese citizens are unlike locals. They might not have been to every corner of the city. One conservative estimate says that over 100,000 people in Wuhan have contracted the virus plus the number of people in incubation period. There are other sources that estimate the actual fatality rate by looking into how busy the crematories are. For people who died without being a confirmed case, the cause of death is contributed to “pneumonia”.
One reliable aspect of the official stat is the number of people who have recovered. It’s 304 as of now. They have recovered because 1)they have a strong immune system to start with, 2) some have been given medications for HIV or Ebola, 3) some allegedly took Chinese herbs to boost their immunity, 4) a few was hooked on an artificial lung to help them breath while giving their lung a chance to recover. In general, the most effective treatment is the strength of their immunity, which can make this virus very deadly to the ones who have a weak immune system. We know that the first confirmed case in Toronto has just been discharged from the hospital. So far, there has not been any fatality case in countries outside of China. It could be due to the fact that they have received the best treatment and care possible, which is a luxury for people in Wuhan and the rest of China.
Here is an article by Dr. Jane Orient , the executive director of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons , title: The Corona Virus – 1918 all over again? This is one of the few warnings I read from a mainstream source. She concluded the article by saying:
""Panic is never helpful; staying calm is always good advice. But failure to heed previous warnings of the need for robust disaster planning, and complacency about medical technology and governmental resources, has set the stage for potential unprecedented disaster. Individuals need to recognize that they themselves, and not 911 or the emergency room or the Federal Emergency Management Agency, may hold the key to their family’s and their community’s survival. Local authorities need to know that they may be on their own. For now, stock up on supplies; cover those coughs and sneezes; wash hands frequently for at least 20 seconds; avoid crowds; and stay aware, as the situation could change rapidly.”
In this post, I talk about the quarantine, what life is like inside Wuhan and for people who left Wuhan: Worse than the Virus"
Not known Facts About corona virus death toll. 	"""That does not mean that it will never worsen. But needless to say We've a window of chance to act... Let's not pass up this window of prospect.""“Me contributing my science competencies into the try to find a Coronavirus remedy,” @KyleSmells additional with an image of the examination tube a lime.“We have been getting ready on the assumption that it is not an issue of ‘if’ but an issue of ‘when’ we start to have cases of coronavirus here in New York Metropolis,” he reported.Two Chinese nationals in Vietnam have analyzed positive for that coronavirus and are being handled in healthcare facility, officials said.A employee wearing a protective go well with checks the luggage of an evacuee from Wuhan, China, soon after their evacuation flight landed at an airport in Marseilles, France on Feb. 2, 2020. Arek and Jenina Rataj had been setting up a different lifestyle from the Chinese industrial Heart of Wuhan every time a viral outbreak distribute throughout the metropolis of 11 million.The CDC expects much more cases to get identified in the coming times, together with additional cases in America. The CDC claims ""the immediate overall health threat through the 2019-nCoV to the overall American community is taken into account low at this time,"" nevertheless the CDC remains to be monitoring the situation intently and getting ""proactive preparedness safety measures.""As Section of that proclamation, any citizen returning into the U.S. who may have been to Hubei province in China in past times fourteen days are going to be under required quarantine for fourteen times, which happens to be thought to be the incubation period for that virus. Any citizen who’s been to the rest of China in the earlier 2 months will get a wellbeing screening after they get back to your U.S. They’ll then be questioned to self-quarantine for 14 days. Their actions is going to be monitored.She had shortness of breath plus a fever when she arrived at the emergency place and was rapidly put in isolation, officers said. Her affliction was described by Medical doctors on Friday night time nearly as good.New Jersey overall health officers say that there is no ought to worry if a most likely fatal virus originating in China comes to the Backyard State – as These are organized for such an occurrence.An additional commenter on Reddit said that the remainder of the sentence was, ""Tuesday. It did not seem like it had been from coronavirus but I'll Enable you already know.""A Group employee checks the temperature of courier within an Express station on Jan. 29, 2020 in Hubei Province, Wuhan, China. Resulting from a transit shut down and not enough provides, couriers have became town's suppliers.CDC staff will likely just take vacationers' temperatures by using a handheld thermometer that doesn't contact the skin and watch for indications of a cough or difficulty breathing.Criminal offense over the town and in the borough of Queens jumped noticeably in website the 1st month of 2020 — which major NYPD brass characteristics to bail reform.A witness advised our sister station WABC that she watched like a masked affected individual was wheeled outside of a neighboring medical doctor's office by masked medics."
Rapid analysis shows that the 2019-nCoV coronavirus resembles viruses from bats. 	"Another publication suggests that this coronavirus enters cells in a similar manner to SARS
published two new peer-reviewed studies: one which found that the new coronavirus is genetically distinct from human SARS and MERS, related viruses which caused their own outbreaks, and a second which reports clinical observations of 99 individuals with 2019-nCoV.
The first cases of the coronavirus outbreak were reported in late December 2019. In this new study, Nanshan Chen and colleagues analyzed available clinical, demographic, and laboratory data for 99 confirmed coronavirus cases at the Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital between Jan 1 to Jan 20, 2020, with clinical outcomes followed until 25th January.
Chen and colleagues reported that the average age of the 99 individuals with 2019-nCoV is around 55.5 years, where 51 have additional chronic conditions, including cardiovascular and cerebrovascular (blood flow to the brain) diseases. Clinical features of the 2019-nCoV include a fever, cough, shortness of breath, headaches, and a sore throat. 17 individuals went on to develop acute respiratory distress syndrome, resulting in death by multiple organ failure in 11 individuals. However, it is important to note here that most of the 2019-nCoV cases were treated with antivirals (75 individuals), antibiotics (70) and oxygen therapy (75), with promising prognoses, where 31 individuals were discharged as of 25th January.
Based on this sample, the study suggests that the 2019 coronavirus is more likely to affect older men already living with chronic conditions – but as this study only includes 99 individuals with confirmed cases, it may not present a complete picture of the outbreak. , there are over 6,000 confirmed coronavirus cases reported, where a total of 126 individuals have recovered, and 133 have died. ...the researchers found that the 2019-nCoV is more closely related (~87% similarity) to two bat-derived
bronchoalveolar lavage fluids, from eight individuals who had visited the Huanan seafood market in Wuhan, China, and one individual who stayed in a hotel near the market. Upon sequencing the coronavirus’s genome, the researchers carried out phylogenetic analysis to narrow down the virus’s likely evolutionary origin, and homology modelling to explore the virus’ receptor-binding properties.
Lu and their fellow colleagues found that the 2019-nCoV genome sequences obtained from the nine patients were very similar (>99.98% similarity). Upon comparing the genome to other coronaviruses (like SARS), the researchers found that the 2019-nCoV is more closely related (~87% similarity) to two bat-derived Middle Eastern Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) CoV (~50%).
The study also found that the 2019-nCoV has a similar receptor-binding structure like that of SARS-CoV, though there are small differences in certain areas. This suggests that like the SARS-CoV, the 2019-nCoV may use the same receptor (called ACE2) to enter cells, though confirmation is still needed.
Finally, phylogenetic analysis found that the 2019-nCoV belongs to the Betacoronavirus family – the same category that bat-derived coronaviruses fall into – suggesting that bats may indeed be the 2019-nCoV reservoir. However, the researchers note that most bat species are hibernating in late December, and that no bats were being sold at the Huanan seafood market, suggesting that while bats may be the initial host, there may have been a secondary animal species which transmitted the 2019-nCoV between bats and humans.
It’s clear that we can expect new findings from the research community in the coming days as scientists attempt to narrow down the source of the 2019-nCoV. Share Get new Lab Notes sent to your inbox Subscribe Submit your own Lab Note Share an interesting science story or tell a short one of your own Alyssa Rudelis
A future with quantum computers and quantum networks requires a diverse set of technical tools. Like the classical computers we use every day, we need physical platforms for memory, computation, and networking. Unlike classical computers, however, these platforms need to be quantum-mechanical (read: very small and very cold).
The verdict is still out on which physical platforms will work best for quantum computing, but scientists are making breakthroughs on the more promising ones. Just this year, a group in the UK coupled a single ion (charged atom) to a very strong light field for the first time. They achieved what atomic physicists call the “strong coupling regime,” where the ion is more likely to interact with the light field than to lose energy and information to the rest of its environment.
Here's a glass nanoparticle suspended in an optical cavity to help you picture what scale these scientists are working at.
By James Millen (UCL Physics & Astronomy at Wikimedia Commons
These physicists achieved the strong coupling regime by putting the trapped ion in an optical cavity: two mirrors facing each other that trap light for a number of round-trip reflections. The smaller the volume between these mirrors, the stronger the coupling between the light and the ion. By using optical fibers as mirrors, they were able to make this volume very small.
Light-ion coupling is exactly the sort of effect that will allow scientists to create quantum networks. To send quantum information between quantum computers, we can send photons with specific quantum states through optical fibers. However, optical fibers aren't perfect — photons lose information as they travel large distances. To get information as far as possible, we need to create a quantum repeater, a node that amplifies the quantum signal
By putting a strongly-coupled ion in an optical cavity at each of these nodes, we can transfer quantum states from an incoming photon to the ion and back to a new photon to send on its way. The advances in this paper increased the efficiency of an important step in this procedure ( heralded entanglement ) by a factor of 1,900 compared with previous iterations.
With a total efficiency of only 1.7%, however, there's still a lot of work to be done before the age of practical quantum networks. Share Neuroscience University of Sussex
Have you ever wondered why your cat’s coat looks the way it does? Wonder no longer! Earlier this month, . I used it to figure out the underlying genetics for my own cat’s coat.
Cat tax.
Adriaan Grijseels
This is my cat ‘Little Excuse’ (because when he’s sleeping on your lap, you’ve got an excuse to not get up).
Excuse has a short coat, which is controlled by the FGF5 gene . Short hair (L) is the dominant trait, meaning that if one out of two copies, or alleles, of the gene encodes for short hair, the cat will end up with short hair. Excuse is either homozygous, meaning he has two short hair alleles (LL), or heterozygous, meaning he has one short hair, and one long hair allele (Ll).
Though Excuse is for the majority white (we’ll get back to that later), he generally has dark-colored fur. This is encoded by the , for which the black allele is dominant. If he would have the allele for orange hair, this would override the black color, so the lack of any orange means that he has the recessive allele for the orange gene.
What type of coat does your cat have?
KIT gene , but it is not all-or-nothing. As you can see, Excuse is more than 50% white, which indicates that he is probably homozygous for the dominant white gene (SS).
Lastly, although it’s not clearly visible in this picture, Excuse’s dark patches have a tabby pattern to them. This is caused by the agouti and tabby genes, where the agouti gene determines whether a cat has a solid color coat, and the tabby gene determines the exact pattern.
Emily goes into much more detail in her, explaining colorpoint coat patterns, cats with diluted colors and more. If you are wondering why your cat looks the way it does, this thread will tell you all you need to know.
But in the meantime, what colour is your cat's coat — and do you know why? 1/ Alright the people have spoken and they want more cat genetics. So, I present to you all ""Cat Coat Genetics 101: A Tweetorial"", feat. pics of many real life cats (for science, of course...this baby is Caterpillar). pic.twitter.com/CZejLnXWLl — Emily Summerbell (@esummerbell) January 6, 2020 Share
here on Massive Science ) and how they are the next big thing in science, especially when it comes to studying the brain. Sure, cerebral organoids are pretty cool. They're formed when stem cells self-assemble into 3D structures that recapitulate brain development, making organoids a good model to study development as well as disease. But now, on top of the brought on by these organoids, new research out today suggests that they may not be as reliable as the field thinks.
A new study published in Nature thoroughly characterized lab-grown organoids (developed from human cortical cells) by looking at which genes they expressed and compared them with a developing human brain. They found that, compared to the creation of very specific cell types seen in normal developing human brain, organoids had broader cell types. What seems to be missing is the cell sub-type specification. Imagine a tree that grew a generic ""fruit"" rather than a specific thing like an “orange” or an ""apple.""
The organoids also seemed to be more ""stressed out"" than their normal counterparts. Cellular stress markers that had previously been associated with blocking development of those specific cell types were over-activated in the organoids, but not in the human developing brain. Interestingly, transplanting the organoids into mouse brains blocked the increased cellular stress, and also increased cell type specification in the organoids. This study highlights important differences between organoids and the human brain
Although this may seem as an unfortunate turn of events, it does not mean that all organoids should be disregarded, but rather that scientists should be more wary when drawing conclusions. As statistician George Box famously said, “All models are wrong, but some are useful.” Knowing these limitations, the field must think carefully about the questions they want to answer using the organoid as a model. Share RIKEN Center for Biosystems Dynamics Research
Studying biology at a molecular level is often really hard.
Biological processes require the coordinated efforts of hundreds of proteins — the molecular machines encoded by our genetic material. Each protein needs to engage in a particular interaction or reaction at a very specific place and time. It’s complicated.
For example, mitosis, the process by which a cell divides into two, involves around 600 different proteins! Trying to sort out where each needs to be at a given time, in what quantity, and why, is an arduous task. Biologists like myself can spend five or more years studying a single protein
Thanks to a new technique developed by scientists at the European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL) , which combines a quantitative microscopy method with various computational analyses, our job just got a little easier.
This method can produce a 4D (that’s 3D plus time!) map of every single protein involved in a given process, and is first being applied to mitosis. Here's an example:
You can check out the resulting computer model, called the Mitotic Cell Atlas , now — simply choose any combination of proteins from those available (so far) in a drop-down menu to see how they interact at every stage of mitosis.
It’s still going to take several years to gather data for all of the roughly 600 proteins involved in mitosis, but it’s a huge step forward for efficiently analyzing protein dynamics.
Even better, this technique can be applied to many fundamental biological processes, which will certainly aid our understanding of how these processes go wrong in human disease and in other organisms. For example, scientists are already considering building a Plant Cell Atlas . Goodbye snapshots, hello movies! Share Molecular Engineering and Materials Science University of Chicago
Electrochemistry is the study of how chemical reactions generate electricity and conversely, how zapping solutions can trigger chemical reactions. Graphene, a mere sheet of carbon atoms, is known to be an excellent catalyst of electrochemical reactions as it can conduct electricity and has a large surface area to host reacting molecules. Furthermore, introducing dopants — impurities that can alter a material's physical properties — into graphene can boost its electrocatalytic activity. For several years, the research community has been excitedly looking for the best dopant that could lead to the greatest electrocatalytic improvement in graphene.
It was one of those promising, success story-filled research areas, where newer and more complex dopants would give rise to ever-improving electrocatalytic rates — until scientists realized that almost anything will improve the electrocatalytic rate of graphene . To further the point,
dating back to the Incan empire . Compared to clean graphene, bird-poop laden graphene facilitated a higher rate of electrochemical reactions, typified by the oxygen reduction reaction (the reaction of dissolved oxygen) and the hydrogen evolution reaction (the breakdown of water).
The nest of the Peruvian booby is made of almost pure guano. This was found at La Vieja Island in Peru.
By Acatenazzi on Wikimedia Commons
The reason for this enhanced electrocatalytic ability is that bird poop contains a hodgepodge of elements, including metals such as cobalt, manganese, and nickel. Basically, the more impurities graphene contains, the better its electrocatalytic reactivity overall. Call it quantity over quality.
In the paper, the authors lament the pursuit for the ideal graphene dopant, admitting such endeavors are “meaningless” and “never-ending”, and at one point, say: ""One may exaggerate only a little by saying that if we spit on graphene it becomes a better electrocatalyst.""
According to the researchers, at least in the context of electrocatalysis, we don’t have to worry about “[making graphene] great again.” Share Environmental Science Oregon State University
Today is the International Day of Commemoration, in memory of the victims of the Holocaust, where over six million Jews, allies and collaborators were persecuted and murdered by the Nazi regime. Six million is a difficult number to even begin to comprehend, so picture it this way: about two out of every three Jews in Europe were killed in this horrific genocide.
For many Jewish scientists, to practice science publicly in a region ruled by Nazi ideology was a death sentence. No one was exempt from this persecution. These are just two stories of those lost. Leonore Rachelle Brecher — a skilled botanist
Born in Romania, Leonore Rachelle Brecher lived in a vibrant Jewish communities. At age twelve, she went to live with relatives after the death of both of her parents. Brecher went on to study zoology at a university in Chernivtsi, in what's now Ukraine. As her career started gaining traction, she moved to study Vienna where she defended her doctorate on color adaptation in insect chrysalides. But her life began to take a darker turn as the Nazi regime grew in power.
Applying to her alma matter, Brecher was denied a professorship. She later found employment in Berlin, and then moved through many universities and cities, before being forced back to Vienna in 1930. After the German occupation of Austria, she lost her job at the Vienna Institute for Experimental Biology because of her Jewish faith and began to teach in a Jewish gymnasium.
Like many Jewish European scholars, Brecher applied for refugee scholarship but was denied financial assistance by a British agency as her specialty was deemed too narrow, and rejected by the US because of the limited quota for Romanian immigrants. On 14 September 1942 , Brecher was arrested and deported to the Maly Trostinets extermination camp, where she was killed immediately upon arrival. Ernst Julius Cohen - a decorated Dutch chemist
Ernst Julius Cohen was born in March 1869 in Amsterdam, Netherlands. He studied Latin and Greek , before going to pursue a PhD in chemistry, under the supervision of y Utrecht (until his retirement in 1939).
Ernst Julius Cohen (1869-1944)
contributing to the discovery of two tin allotropes (white and gray tin), Cohen was propelled into the spotlight and began lecturing across the US and Europe. Cohen's studies spanned various fields, including electro- and thermochemistry, and was considered as the ""greatest of the disciples of Van't Hoff.""
Just like Brecher however, Cohen was caught in the Nazi's sweep across Europe . In 1941, Cohen's property was seized. In May 1942, Cohen was obligated to wear the ""yellow star"" and faced multiple restrictions because of his Jewish faith. In 1943, Cohen was arrested in his own laboratory on the charge of entering a ""public"" building. His friends' efforts were insufficient to secure his release, and he was deported to a concentration camp at Vught in Holland, but was fortunately released thanks to a plea made by the Council of the Dutch Chemical Society to the S.S. authorities at the Hague. However, troubles slowly continued , and on March 3rd 1944, Cohen was transported to the Auschwitz concentration camp, where he was Evolutionary Biology Duke University
You pick up the phone and immediately categorize the voice on the other side — whether it's high pitched or deep, smooth or irritating, or if there's perhaps an accent or a quirky pronunciation. Magically enough, you can also estimate quite accurately if it’s the voice of a young, middle-aged, or older person. It turns out this phenomenon of guessing someone’s age by their voice is not exclusive to humans. In fact, swamp sparrows also do it.
Matthew Zipple, a biology graduate student at Duke University, set out to test a couple of hypotheses: whether older birds sing differently than younger birds, and if wild birds can spot these differences. Testing these hypotheses, however, was far from easy.
Firstly, it’s extremely difficult to determine a bird’s age in the field. Secondly, comparing young and old birds meant comparing completely different voices, not just different ages. How can you isolate the effect of age alone?
Enter a special flock of swamp sparrows ( Melospiza georgiana ), hand raised and followed by Duke University biologists Stephen Nowicki and Susan Peters.
A swamp sparrow sitting on a branch
By Andrew Weitzel on Flickr
Using songs recorded throughout these bird’s lives, Zipple and his collaborators showed that male songs peak in quality when birds are around two years old, then deteriorate over time, acquiring something of an old age signature. Older birds have less consistent songs and sing at lower rates than their younger counterparts.
Zipple and his team then presented these songs, young and old, to wild male birds. To do that, they placed speakers inside male birds’ territories and waited to see if the resident male would get upset over this intrusion. Sure enough, wild males were more aggressive to songs of young birds than to old ones.
These results, published in Behavioral Ecology in September 2019 and January 2020 , demonstrate that humans are not the only ones who can tell age just by listening to someone’s voice. They also show that older birds seem to be less of a threat to other males, which is likely to mean that they are not as attractive to females as their young selves.
Fewer mates, but less aggression? Sounds like an okay way to grow old. Share Microbiology McMaster University
In light of the recent coronavirus outbreak, new developments have been popping up every few minutes, especially on social media. However, everyone should be aware of misleading news and false reporting. While some claims are comically outlandish, such as the one about Bill Gates supposedly creating the coronavirus , other claims that misreport the coronavirus death toll or official WHO statements are more dangerous.
Here are a few things to keep in mind during this outbreak: Get your news straight from the source, such as your local and federal health organizations. This includes the WHO or the CDC . If a website is making a claim that you can't quite wrap your head around — check their sources! If they are citing an older version of their own article, that's a pretty big red flag. Be critical of the information you see, and always cross-check the consistency of facts by looking for the same information on different news platforms. The good old ""correlation vs causation"" rule. Yes, there is a video out there that shows someone eating a cooked bat. And yes, coronaviruses are known to infect bats. Does that mean that this video shows an example of an incident that caused a coronavirus infection? Not necessarily.
For more ways to dodge fake news, here is another great article by from Harvard University.
Also, remember, if you're feeling panicky about coronavirus, it's not nearly as worrisome as regular, old-fashioned influenza, which we live with every day. Share
desmosomes .
Desmosomes form between cells in the outermost layer of skin and are one of several factors that allow skin to be a flexible fortress, capable of defending the body and repairing wounds. Think of desmosomes like spots of glue holding adjacent cells together to form strong, continuous sheets.
But these spots of glue do more than hold our skin together. They also hold together pumping heart tissue, and they keep the lining of our guts, kidneys, and various other internal organs intact, too.
Unlike glue which hardens, the desmosome is dynamic. It assembles, changes shape, or disassembles in response to various cues, including during cell differentiation, injury and wound healing. The desmosome is actually a complex formed by thousands of copies of five different proteins, which are intricately organized into discrete spots lining adjacent cells.
Most desmosome studies to date have focused on human and mice, but these structures are necessary for just about any organism that has skin. Without desmosomes, skin would break and blister very easily, giving foreign bodies easier access, as is the case in people with diseases caused by mutations in the genes that encode the desmosome proteins.
A bowhead whale spyhops off the coast of western Sea of Okhotsk.
By Olga Shpak at Wikimedia Commons
This new research on whale molting mechanisms suggests that desmosome loss can also be functional. Researchers took tissue samples from bowhead whales ( Balaena mysticetus ) across three different sub-groups: molting adults (spring), non-molting adults (fall), and molting juveniles (spring). Next, they used a technique called immunohistochemistry to test for the presence of two desmosome proteins: desmoglein and desmocollin. The levels of these proteins have been previously shown to regulate desmosome assembly and adhesion.
The researchers found that there were season-dependent decreases in the levels of desmocollin, consistent with skin shedding. For example, in all spring-caught molting adults, there were reduced desmosome proteins in their oral cavity.
This study suggests that skin shedding in mammals, whether it's a result of normal molting or is the result of injury or disease, involves desmosome function. As for bowhead whales, more work is needed to understand the mechanism, and to determine if these changes in desmosome protein expression occur in other organisms with annual molts. Share Marine Biology University of Rhode Island
The Napoleon, or humphead, wrasse ( Cheilinus undulatus ), is a giant and ornately decorated reef fish which can grow over 6 feet long and live for over 30 years. Unfortunately, these rare fish are a coveted delicacy in live fish markets throughout Asia, and the high volume at which they are traded has landed them a spot on the CITES endangered species list.
To keep them from going extinct, stricter regulations must be implemented and enforced surrounding the collection and trade of Napoleon wrasses. Unfortunately, fish trading networks are complicated, and it can be difficult to track where fish come from and if they are being sold legally.
While all fish imported to major markets may be inspected, those within the live fish trade cannot easily be tagged or marked, making it difficult to track these fish from the point of capture through to their final sale point. But a pair of researchers from the University of Hong Kong decided to try a new technique in lieu of a physical fish barcode: facial recognition software. Napoleon wrasses have complex facial patterns that the researchers hoped could be used as a unique identifier for individuals. the software and app developed could improve the monitoring and enforcement of legal endangered species trading
First, they had to test if the facial markings were unique and variable enough between fish to reliably identify individuals, and that they did not change over time. Then to ensure that the identification system was feasible, researchers developed and tested an app used to compare pictures of Napoleon wrasses at fish markets to those in a database of previously identified fish. And it worked – this study served as a proof-of-concept that facial recognition software could reliably identify endangered Napoleon wrasses sold in live fish markets.
Although not currently used on a large scale, there is real potential that the software and app developed could improve the monitoring and enforcement of legal endangered species trading. This approach could also apply to other animals that have distinct, readily identifiable markings. Share Evolutionary Biology University of Texas at Austin
Zoologists have captured footage of puffins performing an unexpected behavior: using a wooden stick to scratch a difficult-to-reach itch. Analysis of animal behavior is important for understanding both evolution in the broad sense but also the evolutionary history of humans. One behavior humans excel at is tool use and understanding the origins of this behavior also gives us insight into what it means to be ""us."" Although tool use has been documented in some other species — like for food extraction in crows — this is the first time body-care tool use has been recorded in seabirds. The researchers found two independent instances of puffins using a stick for body care in locations more than 1,700 km apart.
This indicates a higher cognitive function in the seabirds than previously thought, and begs the question whether all puffins have this ability or if it arose in certain puffins only as an adaptation to the environment. Above all else, this finding emphasizes that tool-use may be more widespread than formerly believed and a better understanding its origins may require the inclusion of additional, understudied taxa. Share Science Education University of Illinois at Chicago
Like a lot of Americans, my brother decided to fork over some cash and have his DNA analyzed to see his ancestry via 23andMe. The usual information popped up — some German ancestry, some Scandinvian, but then a strange name and number...4% Neanderthal. Now, what did that mean, exactly?
Neanderthals are an extinct relative of Homo Sapiens , having died out around 40,000 years ago . They’re not exactly roaming the streets of Stuttgart like some of the other Vogts I’m related to. But, surely there are some applicable traits that we share, right? After all, my brothers and I often joked about our physical anomalies while growing up — we have large rib cages and shoulders, wide nostrils, and can handle brutal cold temperatures, which are all traits of what scientists such as Joshua Akey have attributed to Neanderthals .
What this DNA does define, according to The Scientist , is that my modern human ancestors bred with Neanderthals roughly 50,000 to 55,000 years ago. A variety of scientists working on genome sequences have come up with different concepts as to why humans mated with their closely related cousins, and the effects it has on their far-flung descendants, such as my family. One of them is the effect on skin, as well as fatty tissue beneath, as Neanderthals survived in brutally cold environments thousands of years ago. Finally, a study mentions that some of these genomes may relate to psychiatric disorders that are prevalent in some human populations, which I myself happen to have. But, more importantly, what does this mean for those of us who have this DNA in our systems?
Nothing much outside of interesting facts as they come, but I do find it funny when certain individuals glorify blond, blue-eyed, fair-skinned individuals like myself and my brothers. They have no idea that we’re not fully human. Maybe we should take them back to our caves and teach them how to get along, Neanderthal and human alike. Share Tasfia Jahangir
Solitary confinement does little to rehabilitate inmates, is extremely expensive (where the average per-cell cost is $75,000), and exacerbates health problems — yet the American prison system is over-reliant on solitary confinement . In fact, a 2018 report found that, 61,000 individuals were being held in solitary confinement across the US. While the living conditions in such units are known to be associated with adverse health outcomes , we still don't understand the lifetime cardiovascular burden (i.e. the direct and indirect costs) associated with solitary confinement.
To explore the health consequences of solitary confinement, Brie Willams and her colleagues compared the lifetime cardiovascular health burden from solitary confinement, relative to those of inmates who were not held in isolation.
Hypertension refers to abnormally high blood pressure.
By jesse orrico on Unsplash
The researchers first looked into public data from a 2015 lawsuit. This data contained descriptions of hypertension diagnoses among two groups of men: individuals in the first group who were held in a prison’s solitary confinement “supermax” units (the “Supermax Unit Group”), while individuals in the second group were housed in regular, less-isolating maximum security units (the “Less Isolated Group”). Both groups’ levels of loneliness were measured with the UCLA Loneliness Scale .
The researchers then used the Cardiovascular Disease Policy Model to estimate and compare the lifetime burden of cardiovascular problems for both groups, while accounting for potential factors, such as socioeconomic factors, which may affect comparisons. Medical costs associated with the cardiovascular disease burden were also estimated using California’s health costs, and these estimates were then deflated to the U.S. national average costs. What did Williams and her team find?
The study found that the hypertension rates were 31% higher in the SuperMax Unit Group than those in less-isolated units. In addition, about a third of the SuperMax Unit Group were more likely to experience heart attacks, strokes, and higher scores of loneliness.
In fact, the authors point out that if their findings were applied to simply 25,000 individuals held in “supermax” solitary confinement units, this alone would result in $155 million in additional future healthcare costs — and would likely still be an underestimate as there is a widespread use of solitary confinement beyond “supermax” units.
These findings call for a reform in American prisons. Evidence already shows that solitary confinement is counter-productive — this is one more study which points to the health consequences of solitary confinement. Share Neuroscience University of Sussex
Contrary to octopuses, which only have arms, squid have both arms and tentacles. You can distinguish between the two by looking at the tips: tentacles have a bulb at the end, called a club, but arms do not. Additionally, the tentacles are extendable while arms aren’t, reflecting the difference in function between the two. Squid use the tentacles to strike at their prey and reel them in, at which point the arms take over and subdue the prey.
Squid have arms AND tentacles. Here, the tentacles are the whiter appendages with the clubs at the end.
prilfish via Flickr
Squid can extend their tentacles in 20-40ms , which is about 10 times faster than a blink. This is especially impressive, since they don’t use any spring-like mechanisms. They only use their powerful muscles for this, which are arranged in a special criss-cross pattern. However, their muscles aren't the only things with special adaptations."
Corona Virus and the Human Biological Squalor. 	"Basically, man created God as a perfect creature. That perfection, manifested in the form of reason. Not all beings have it.
Nevertheless, man is not without blemish. It has weak edges. Biological poverty, the world historian, Yuval Noah Harari called it.
There are at least two biological theft that become an ancient threat to the long history of mankind. As outlined in his proposal in the Masterpiecenya, Homo Deus: The Future of mankind, the theft of the famine and the plague of illness.
The Corona Virus that is currently engulfed in China and a number of countries, is nothing but a tangible manifestation of our biological theft. It is vulnerable to epidemic diseases. Loading...
History has recorded how man fights from time to time with crippling bacteria and viruses, even eradicating, human species. In 1330, for example, there erupted a tragedy known as the Black Death. The tragedy caused by the bacteria that ride on Yersenia’s head lice, struck east or central Asia, then to Europe, North Africa to the coastal areas of the Atlantic Ocean.
There were 75 million to 200 million people died of the bacteria. The number, equivalent to a quarter of the European and Asian populations at the time. In the UK itself recorded 4 out of 10 people who died from the illness. Britain’s population dropped drastically, from 3.7 million before the outbreak to 2.2 million after.
In 1520, there was a terror explosion returning from a more terrifying new epidemic. Chickenpox alias smallpox his name. An African slave named Fransisco de Egula who was brought by the Spanish army to Mexico who brought his virus.
Francisco chills to arrive in Cempoallan city. He also died. However, not until ten days, the entire city was infected. Several months later it spread to various parts of Mexico. In fact, the Aztec Emperor, Cuitlahuac, died of measles. He died with 8 million other Mexican residents in the tempo of not more than 10 months.
There is also the “Spanish Flu” that struck the land of the Matador in 1918. Within a few months, about half a billion world population is collapsed by the virus. In India, the virus kills 5 percent of the population (15 million people), in Tahiti there are 14 percent of the population killed, in Samoa even killing 20 percent of its occupants. Around the world, the outbreak killed 50 to 100 million in less than a year. Exceeding the First World War victims that only killed 40 million in more than 4 years.
As the transportation tools become more sophisticated and the mobility of humans is getting faster, the virus outbreak became a terrible added threat in this modern era. However, as the time progresses, human-controlled medical sciences are also increasing.
If we compare the virus handling over time, in the last two decades, it is much more efficient. Comparatively, a falling victim can be minimized. SARS, for example, that struck the world in 2002/2003. At that time, the world panic arose the second Black Death tragedy. However, successfully handled until TAM killed a thousand people.
So did the outbreak of Ebola in 2014 ago. The World Health Authority called the outbreak “the worst public health emergency ever in modern times”. However, at the beginning of 2015, the WHO declared the virus to be tame. In January, 2016 was completed. The Virus, able to be localized only in West Africa alone. The victim was not significant compared to an epidemic in the past.
From the historical record, we are optimistic to handle this Corona Virus, will take place for a long time. The victim can be minimized. Prevention is also massive.
However, there is one interesting quote from Yufal about this theft of human biological. “Biotechnology allows us to defeat bacteria and viruses, but at the same time transforming humans into a threat of no precedent,” he wrote.
“The same tool that allows physicians to quickly identify and treat new diseases also allows the military and terrorists to engineer more horrible diseases and diseases of doom,” he continued.
“Therefore, it is very likely that a big epidemic will continue to harm people in the future only if humanity itself created it, for the sake of cruel ideology. The Era when man stood helpless before the natural epidemic might have ended. However, we can still be mistaken, “he concluded."
25th January Corona virus: the bubbles about to burst!. 	"Reports reaching Grace Under Pressure this morning suggest that stories about the Corona virus going viral have actually gone viral. This has even occurred in countries where the government has instigated a nationwide crackdown on reporting about the virus that has gone viral. Initially thought by US authorities to be connected with the Huawei phone company and their backdoor way of attempting to gain entry to our mobile phone data, virologists have now confirmed that the threat is much more serious than that.
Signs and symptoms of the Corona virus include an overwhelming sense of nostalgia and unquenchable desire to get ones lips around the mouth of a bottle of gaseous pop produced in South Wales up until the late 1990's. Those in the initial stages of the infection are likely to request a glass of Orange or Lemonaid, but this can develop if intreated, to more extravagant demands for Lime and Cherry flavour. Infected individuals may then start to ramble incoherently and can often be heard uttering non-sensicle statements about how 'every bubble has passed its Fizzical' Those showing the full blown effects of the Corona virus infection will willingly sell their children for the merest taste of American Creme Soda and Dandelion & Burdock flavours.
Government health spokesperson, Ivor Notcaughtityet, has contacted Grace Under Pressure to report that according to the latest research people can be thoroughly protected against the Corona virus if immunised immediately with the double-pronged prophylactic of Fanta and Tango, taken orally three times a day. This might result in an unusually orange skin colour but that doesn't seem to have done President Trump much harm. "
TOMI Environmental : SteraMist Preparedness for Aiding in the new Coronavirus-Wuhan or 2019-nCoV Outbreak. 	"TOMI Environmental Solutions, Inc. ® (“TOMI”) (OTCQB:TOMZ), is a global company specializing in disinfection and decontamination, utilizing its premier Binary Ionization Technology (BIT) platform through its SteraMist products - a hydrogen peroxide-based mist and fog composed of ionized Hydrogen Peroxide (iHP). SteraMist iHP technology has been deployed in the fight against EBOLA in West Africa , MERS in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and South Korea , and is now ready to be easily deployed throughout the world to aid in the fight against coronavirus- Wuhan (2019-nCoV) and other emerging pandemic risks.
With thousands of confirmed cases of the respiratory infection already noted worldwide, health officials have confirmed at least five (5) cases of coronavirus- Wuhan (2019-nCoV) in the United States . This virus could become our next pandemic.
Similar to Influenza A, SARS, and MERS, coronavirus is an enveloped virus. While this would often serve to protect the virus from possible threats, SteraMist features efficacy against Influenza A, SARS, MERS and similar, enveloped viral threats including coronavirus- Wuhan (2019-nCoV). TOMI has multiple EPA-accepted studies on the current label to meet the standard to respond to emerging pathogens in the enveloped and non-enveloped categories, which includes the current coronavirus- Wuhan (2019-nCoV) outbreak.
TOMI Environmental Solutions has partners throughout the globe standing by to rapidly deploy and aid in reducing the spread of this coronavirus- Wuhan (2019-nCoV) using SteraMist disinfection and decontamination. Companies in biological disaster management and emerging disease organizations throughout the world make up a strong, growing list of TOMI premier partners.
TOMI CEO, Dr. Halden Shane
, states that “SteraMist has proven success against emerging pathogens and we remain confident in the ability of our technology to reduce the viral duplication in the air and on surfaces of all indoor environments in the fight against this novel coronavirus- Wuhan (2019-nCoV) threat. TOMI is working alongside many of our premier partners throughout Asia and, if needed, the world to bring SteraMist to those in need of the most effective disinfectant and decontaminant to fight coronavirus- Wuhan (2019-nCoV).” TOMI ™ Environmental Solutions, Inc. : Innovating for a safer world ®
TOMI ™ Environmental Solutions, Inc. (OTCQB:TOMZ) is a global decontamination and infection prevention company, providing environmental solutions for indoor surface disinfection through the manufacturing, sales and licensing of its premier Binary Ionization Technology ® (BIT ™ ) platform. Invented under a defense grant in association with the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) of the U.S. Department of Defense , BIT ™ solution utilizes a low percentage Hydrogen Peroxide as its only active ingredient to produce a fog of ionized Hydrogen Peroxide (iHP ™ ). Represented by the SteraMist ® brand of products, iHP ™ produces a germ-killing aerosol that works like a visual non-caustic gas.
TOMI products are designed to service a broad spectrum of commercial structures, including, but not limited to, hospitals and medical facilities, cruise ships, office buildings, hotel and motel rooms, schools, restaurants, meat and produce processing facilities, military barracks, police and fire departments, and athletic facilities. TOMI products and services have also been used in single-family homes and multi-unit residences.
TOMI develops training programs and application protocols for its clients and is a member in good standing with The American Biological Safety Association , The American Association of Tissue Banks , Association for Professionals in Infection Control and Epidemiology, Society for Healthcare Epidemiology of America , America Seed Trade Association , and The Restoration Industry Association .
For additional information, please visit http://www.tomimist.com/ or contact us at info@tomimist.com.
Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
Certain written and oral statements made by us may constitute “forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the “Reform Act”). Forward-looking statements are identified by such words and phrases as “we expect,” “expected to,” “estimates,” “estimated,” “current outlook,” “we look forward to,” “would equate to,” “projects,” “projections,” “projected to be,” “anticipates,” “anticipated,” “we believe,” “could be,” and other similar phrases. All statements addressing operating performance, events, or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future, including statements relating to revenue growth, earnings, earnings-per-share growth, or similar projections, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Reform Act. They are forward-looking, and they should be evaluated in light of important risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our anticipated results. The information provided in this document is based upon the facts and circumstances known at this time. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements after the date of this release."
Corona Virus. 	"ABC Radio's morning host Virginia Trioli admits to being a pedant and was quite gleeful when a fellow pedant called her this morning asking why the very bad Coronavirus is one word and not Corona Virus. As he pointed out, an earlier one wasn't called Birdfluvirus. It is curious that it is one word. This virus is very serious. It is closely approaching that of Ebola virus that was fairly well geographically contained which was the second worst virus after H1N1, Swine Flu.
As far as I am aware there haven't been any cases in the US, yet one major US media organisation is running a live posting minute by minute details about the virus. Hysteria or what?
Meanwhile back in Australia I am so pleased to see people wearing Melbourne black in their colour choice of facemasks.
I am not so pleased by a stupid question on ABC TV 730, 'Is this virus only transmissible between Chinese people?' That we white people should be so lucky, you tosser. We are all the same on the inside."
HOT NEWS: Corona Virus threatens 1.4 billion Chinese, gloomy Chinese New Year. 	"China marked the Lunar New Year holiday, Saturday (25/1/2020), ""Under the Clouds "" fears and gloom when the number of victims died of a 2019 virus-nCoV spiked to 41 people. Nearly 1,300 people globally have also been infected. Chinese New Year is usually the most festive time in China, but holiday celebrations across the country have been cancelled and citizens are advised to ""squatting "" alone at home, with more than a dozen cities in the country closed or locked. On Saturday, when they were supposed to celebrate the Lunar New Year, people queued at pharmacies to buy masks from employees of the pharmacy who wore protective clothing throughout the body and surgical gloves. This Virus has raised global concerns due to its resemblance to SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome), which killed hundreds of people in mainland China and Hong Kong in 2002-2003. 2019-nCoV virus or dubbed as Wuhan Virus has spread to a number of other countries, including in America and Europe. The virus name 2019-nCoV stands for the 2019 Coronavirus Novel. Previously unknown diseases have now been reported to be a national outbreak in China. In France there are three confirmed cases and make it the first case in Europe. Chinese health authorities said on Saturday that the number of victims nationwide has spiked to 41 people after 15 recent deaths were reported to occur in in Wuhan on Friday. The number of confirmed infections in China also jumped to 1,287, up from 830 reported on Friday. Most of the deaths and overall cases exist in Hubei, the province where the city of Wuhan is located. China has launched a massive quarantine effort for Wuhan, a metropolitan city of 11 million people, and a dozen other cities in Hubei. The prohibition of transport operations and other actions in affected cities has affected 41 million people. Various Lunar New Year celebrations have been cancelled. The Forbidden City in Beijing is closed. As well as Shanghai Disneyland, and the Great Wall of China. ""We usually celebrate as a family. Now, since my virus didn't even visit my parents, ""said Wang Fang, a native of Wuhan 49 years old and one of the many townspeople who expressed fear of how the virus transmission would occur. ""It would be amazing just to be able to pass (plague), "" He said again. China's aggressive response has won praise internationally, especially compared with the SARS outbreak in 2002-2003, where the country was accused of slow reaction and inhibiting the international community. ""China has worked very hard to control Coronavirus, "" Praised United States President Donald Trump on Twitter, a few hours after the United States confirmed his second case. ""The United States greatly appreciates their efforts and transparency,"" he said. ""Everything will go well,"" added the leader of the White House. But the plague has ruined the holidays that hundreds of millions of people are looking forward to every year because it is usually the only opportunity for family reunion whose members are scattered throughout the country to find work. The World Health Organization on Thursday does not declare a global health emergency, although this virus has spread to many countries. However, the Organization encourages greater international cooperation. The outbreak emerged in late December. Seafood markets in Wuhan and live animal markets that sell a large number of exotic animals and other wild animal meat are blamed upon the emergence of this deadly virus. Wuhan has been regarded as a ghost town, but the hospitals visited by AFP journalists are busy with patients who are inspected by staff wearing protective clothing throughout the body. When the report arose about the shortage of beds in the hospital in Wuhan, the government media said the authorities rushed to build a new field hospital to overcome the outbreak within the next 10 days."
Novacyt to launch CE-marked test for 2019-nCoV, seek emergency FDA approval. 	"Novacyt announced Friday that amid ""strong demand"" for its research-use-only genesig 2019-nCoV detection kit, it plans to launch a CE-marked test for the novel coronavirus in the week of February 17, allowing it to be used for clinical diagnostic testing, as well as expanding its use within laboratories. In addition, the company said it has applied to the FDA for emergency-use approval of the test, sending shares up as much as 24% on the news.
CEO Graham Mullis remarked that ""as one of the first companies to develop and launch a test to detect the 2019 strain of nCoV, we have received unprecedented interest in our test and anticipate demand continuing to grow."" He added that ""we continue to support our new and existing customers, and are working with the various regulatory authorities to try to make our nCoV test available to as many countries and laboratories as possible."" The genesig 2019-nCoV was launched last month.
According to Novacyt, its Primerdesign subsidiary has received orders for 33,000 tests and requests for quotations for another 32,000 from over 30 countries, noting that the company is ""well placed to support the growing global demand for nCoV testing."" Novacyt said it is ""working with the FDA in order to demonstrate the consistency and performance of the Primerdesign test for emergency use.""
The company added that it is also in discussions with various NHS hospitals and Public Health England regarding the 2019-nCoV test, and has sold a ""limited number"" to certain hospitals for their validation purposes. The test is designed to detect only the 2019 strain of the virus, which Novacyt believes ""differentiates it from a number of current tests [that] are less specific and could, therefore…potentially [give] rise to a false diagnosis."""
Corona outbreak Whistle-blower Chinese doctor was harassed; dies of infection. 	Chinese doctor Li Wenliang, one of the eight whistle-blowers who warned other medics of the coronavirus outbreak but were reprimanded by the police, died of the epidemic on Thursday, official media reported. Li, a 34-year-old doctor who tried to warn other medics of the epidemic, died of coronavirus on Thursday in Wuhan, the state-run Global Times reported. He was the first to report about the virus way back in December last year when it first emerged in Wuhan, the provincial capital of China’s central Hubei province. He dropped a bombshell in his medical school alumni group on the popular Chinese messaging app WeChat that seven patients from a local seafood market had been diagnosed with a SARS-like illness and quarantined in his hospital. Li explained that, according to a test he had seen, the illness was a coronavirus — a large family of viruses that includes severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) which led to 800 death in China and the world in 2003. Li told his friends to warn their loved ones privately. But within hours screenshots of his messages had gone viral – without his name being blurred. 2/6/2020 Chinese doctor who first warned about coronavirus outbreak dies . When I saw them circulating online, I realised that it was out of my control and I would probably be punished,” Li was quoted as saying CNN recently. Soon after he posted the message, Li was accused of rumour-mongering by the Wuhan police. He was one of several medics targeted by the police for trying to blow the whistle on the deadly virus in the early weeks of the outbreak. Overall 564 people have died in China due to the virus and 28,018 confirmed cases have been reported from 31 provincial level regions, the National Health Commission reported on Thursday. 
WHO organizes Global Research Forum on Corona Virus. 	"The event will bring together leading public health agencies, leading scientists, funders. The experts will build their research on MERS and SARS virus information. This will help to minimize the impact of the virus. The main aim of the forum is to fasten the research and innovation of corona virus. Current Scenario
There are more than 34,915 reported corona virus cases all over the world. The virus has so far killed 724. Around 2,085 have recovered. India’s recent Actions
The Ministry of Shipping on February 7, 2020 issued directives to prevent the virus from entering India. The Ministry has placed screening, detection and quarantine system. It will also install thermal scanners. This will be highly helpful to screen passengers entering India through cruises. The Tourism sector is currently vulnerable to the virus, especially in Kerala.
The Ministry of AYUSH has advised precautionary measures to prevent the spread of virus."
Why does WHO say it takes 18 months to get the vaccine for corona virus?. 	"Last week, the World Health Organization said it may take 1‌8 months to get the corona virus vaccine for widespread use. First, we must understand the characteristics and behavior of the virus on the host body.
Let’s find out why it takes so much time, despite the worldwide community’s efforts to produce the vaccine.
Since the first half of January, China has fully shared information about the RNA sequence of this virus, from which the whole world began to research and develop vaccines.
In late January, the virus was first successfully cultivated outside of China, at the Doherty Institute in Melbourne, Australia. This is an important step, because for the first time researchers in other countries have access to a live virus sample. Thanks to this, they began to understand the characteristics of the virus, which is another important step in the development of vaccines.
So far, it takes 2 to 5 years to develop vaccines. But with global efforts, as well as lessons learned from previous corona vaccine developments, the researchers hope to develop this vaccine in a much shorter time.
Why do we need to cooperate?
Not only one research institute has the capacity and equipment to develop a vaccine.
First, we must understand the characteristics and behavior of viruses on the host (human).
Next, we have to prove that the test vaccine is safe and that we can create the right immunity of the body, not the wrong immunity that harms the body. Only then can the pre-clinical experiments be started on animals.
Vaccines that have been pre-clinical tested successfully will be tested by other institutions capable of testing the human body.
It will be decided by who, where to proceed. In general, it is best to test these vaccines in areas where outbreaks are occurring.
Finally, if a vaccine is judged safe and effective, it will need to be legally approved. Then there must be a cost-effective way to produce the vaccine so that it is ready to be distributed.
Each of the aforementioned steps of the vaccine development process presents many challenges.
Some challenges
In order to determine the characteristics of the virus, then the preclinical test vaccine trial first needs to isolate the virus, followed by cultivating a larger amount of virus so that the scientists have enough virus for further research . This includes virus culture in the laboratory under security and aseptic conditions.
The next challenge is to develop and validate virus biological samples. This will be an animal model that tells us how corona virus works in the human body.
From the results of the SARS outbreak in 2003, which is a ""family"" of the new corona virus, the scientists have a lot of experience to study this virus. For SARS, the researchers used the ferret-model animal as the experimental biological model. The two new strains of SARS and corona virus have the same gene codes of about 80 - 90%, so the ferret test results can be used as a starting point for further study of the new corona virus.
If the virus mutates, what will the vaccine do?
It is very likely that the new corona virus will evolve (mutate). As a virus in an animal’s body, it can mutate when it spreads from the first animal host to the next host, then spreads from animals to humans.
Initially it was not spread from person to person, but now it is spread from person to person very quickly. Spread from person to person demonstrates that the virus is undergoing a stable step, which is part of the mutation process.
Mutation processes can still change in different parts of the world for a variety of reasons. One of the reasons is population density. Population density affects the number of people infected with the virus and the number of chances for the virus to mutate. Exposure to other corona viruses may also affect the ability of the population to infect, resulting in the emergence of different strains of the virus, similar to the condition of seasonal flu.
Therefore, it is essential that we continue to work with the latest versions of the virus to have the greatest chance that the vaccine will work.
All this work needs to be done under strict quality and safety conditions to ensure global legal requirements and safety for researchers as well as the community.
Challenges ahead
Another challenge is producing proteins from viruses to develop experimental vaccines. These proteins are specifically designed to enable an immune response when activated, allowing a person’s immune system to fight the next time the virus is attacked.
Fortunately, recent scientific advances in understanding the viral proteins as well as their structure and function have helped the vaccine research and development work take place globally at a rapid pace. significantly fast.
Developing a vaccine is a huge task, not an overnight result. But if everything goes according to plan, this time we will shorten the time compared to before.
We have learned a lot from the SARS outbreak, and the knowledge of the global scientific community gained from SARS vaccination efforts has given us a good start to developing vaccines. Please prevent new corona virus this time."
Bar faces backlash for Corona beer specials amid coronavirus outbreak. 	"Bar faces backlash for Corona beer specials amid coronavirus outbreak By Danielle Hopkins Corona beer bar specials stir up trouble online amid coronavirus outbreak
A New Zealand bar is being called insensitive after referencing the deadly outbreak in its promotions.
HAMILTON, New Zealand - A bar in New Zealand ruffled feathers online with its advertisements for Corona beer specials amid the deadly coronavirus outbreak in China.
House on Hood has replaced an ad on its Facebook page that reportedly offered Corona beers “while the pandemic lasts,” with a more toned down version of the promotion. The move came after the bar faced backlash over making light of the coronavirus outbreak, which as of Monday had killed at least 362 people and infected over 17,000 globally.
In the new ad , a Corona beer with a face mask wrapped around it is pictured along with a caption that reads “let’s be honest there are worst things you can catch in Hamilton, Coronas still $6.50 all summer long.”
The initial post featured two people dressed in medical suits and face masks holding up Corona beers, with the slogan ""catch some Corona at House this summer, just [6.50 New Zealand dollars ($4.20)] every day while the pandemic lasts,"" Newsweek reported.
Several people accused House on Hood of being insensitive in the comments section. Advertisement
“Right okay, hahahahaha it's 'so funny' that innocent people in China are dying,” one person commented. “And I bet if it were in a European country y'all probably wouldn't be so eager to make light of this situation.”
“Disgusting advert. Find something less deadly to humor about bro,” another person added.
Others applauded the bar for its sense of humor.
“What a bunch of softies,” one person said. “Gallows humor is what make Kiwis and Aussies stand out from the pack.”
“Love the humour guys; stuff the PC,” another person wrote.
Lion, the company that distributes Corona in New Zealand, reportedly said it was unaware of the promotion and condemned the bar for running it.
But John Lawrenson, CEO of the Lawrenson Group which owns House on Hood, reportedly stood by the bar’s decision to run the controversial advertisement.
""The great thing about living in today's society is that there is a small but loud minority of people who get offended by everything and I can always rely on them to get triggered,"" Lawrenson told the New Zealand Herald .
""So I'd just like to say thanks to all the snowflakes for the free advertising and thanks to everyone else with a sense of humor who liked the post.""
This story was reported from Los Angeles. "
China's corona virus disease could have same death rate as Spanish flu pandemic that killed 50m people. 	China's corona virus disease could have same death rate as Spanish flu pandemic that killed 50m people Alexandra Thompson Concern in China as coronavirus death toll rises. China’s deadly coronavirus may have the same death rate as Spanish flu, an expert has warned. Deaths from the new virus rose to 17 on Wednesday with hundreds of cases now confirmed, increasing fears of widespread contagion. The Spanish flu pandemic of 1918 is widely regarded as “the deadliest in history”, and is believed to have infected around 500 million people worldwide, killing between 20 and 50 million. View photos The new coronavirus strain has caused 17 confirmed deaths so far. [Photo: Getty]More READ MORE: What is the mystery illness affecting China? Chinese officials have confirmed 440 cases of the new coronavirus strain - 2019-nCoV - so far, with 17 deaths. Based on existing data, the disease is said to have a 2% death rate. This means that for every 50 people who catch the infection, one will statistically die. To put this into context, around one in every 1,000 who develop flu die, giving it a death rate of 0.1%. “This [2019-nCoV’s death rate] could be 2%, similar to Spanish flu,” said Professor Neil Ferguson from Imperial College London. View photos Patients with pneumonia caused by the new strain of coronavirus are being treated in Jinyintan hospital, in Wuhan. (Reuters)More Professor Peter Horby from the University of Oxford pointed out that fatality estimations are based on “clinical data around hospital cases”. Of those in hospital, “15%-to-20% are severe cases”, defined as needing ventilation. Coronaviruses as a class are common, causing everything from the common cold to epidemics like severe acute respiratory syndrome (Sars). 2019-nCoV is thought to have originated in animals before “jumping” over to humans. “Novel viruses spread much faster because we have no immunity,” Prof Ferguson said. READ MORE: Billions of journeys for Chinese New Year raise fears coronavirus will spread View photos A health official scans the body temperature of a passenger as she arrives at the Soekarno-Hatta International Airport in Tangerang, Indonesia. (AP Photo/Tatan Syuflana)More Fatalities are occurring as a result of pneumonia, which comes about when a respiratory infection causes the alveoli (air sacs) in the lungs to become inflamed and filled with fluid or pus, according to the American Lung Association. The lungs then struggle to draw in air, resulting in reduced oxygen in the bloodstream. “Without treatment the end is inevitable,” said the charity Médecins Sans Frontières. “Deaths occurs because of asphyxiation.” The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has warned there is no specific treatment for coronaviruses If the infection triggers pneumonia, doctors work to combat the complication. When a virus is to blame – like 2019-nCoV – pneumonia may be treated via “antiviral medication”, according to the American Lung Association. Yet, Prof Horby argued there is “no effective anti-viral”. “Most pneumonia is bacterial,” he said. These infections tend to respond to antibiotics.
Corona Virus – The African connection.. 	"Like every issue of consequence, in our Age of Incomprehension, opinion about the truth concerning the Corona virus outbreak is divided. Either China is taking all prudent steps, the virus, while transmissible, has a low mortality rate and the West, with its travel bans, is over-reacting in a vaguely racist manner, or China has the virus far from contained, we don’t know just how transmissible it is nor its mortality rate because the figures from China can’t be trusted and therefore travel bans are a wise precaution.
If travel bans to and from the infected parts of China turn out to have been justified then one country in particular may be worth watching, Ethiopia. Ethiopia’s Bole International airport is the main African gateway to and from China. On average 1500 passengers per day arrive from China every day. Ethiopia scans them all for symptoms which essentially means taking their temperature.
Many of those passengers then fly on to other parts of Africa where Chinese companies are doing business. These are 2018 figures courtesy of Brookings .
The three main areas of Chinese business in Africa are transport, which generally means building airports and railways, energy which means building power stations and grids and metals which means mines.
One of the airports the Chinese funded and built is Bole International Airport in Ethiopia.
The flights from China arriving at Bole International come from Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Chengdu and Hong Kong. Just yesterday the Chinese government added China’s 5th largest city Guangzhou to its list of locked down quarantined cities. Which strikes me as news. For Guangzhou to have been quarantined means it must already have a large number of cases. Guangzhou is not near to Wuhan, the source of the Corona virus outbreak. It is near to Hong Kong.
It is linked to both by high speed rail and internal air travel. Guangzhou airport is in fact the third busiest in China and the 13th busiest in the world handling over 65 million passengers per year.
So… the spread of the Corona virus in Guangzhou has got so serious that the Chinese government has quarantined it. Yet till now flights from there to Ethiopia were running. Of course I have no idea how many passengers were actually on those flights nor where they might have originated from. But the rail and air links from Wuhan and other cities to Guangzhou and the fact that Guangzhou is therefore the hub to which any workers going to Africa would have passed through, does raise a few questions. Remember, 1500 per day on average (meaning in ‘normal times’ which these are not) through Bole international from China alone.
The Ethiopian authorities have been scanning arrivals. But we know that one of the things which has made this virus difficult to contain is that people can carry it and spread it for up to 14 days before they show symptoms. This is one of the reasons the Chinese authorities, despite draconian measures, have failed to contain it. If the Chinese authorities have failed, how confident should we be the Ethiopian authorities and those in the other countries Chinese workers have travelled on to, will succeed?
I have no idea and frankly neither does any one else. Which is surely the relevant point.
Western Counties have so far contained the virus and I think it likely they will continue to do so, simply because if you catch a virus outbreak early, you can . Viruses multiply and spread roughly according to a sigmoid curve. This plots the number of infections. At the start of an outbreak the curve is shallow simply because the numbers involved are small.
Double from 2 to 4 or 4 to 8 and its not that many new cases. That’s the shallow part of the curve, the beginning of the outbreak. As the curve steepens its not that the virus is increasing its infection rate. The rate will not have changed at all. But the numbers involved grows. Still only doubling, but doubling from 8 to 16 to 32, 64, 128, 256, 512, 1024, 2048, 4096, 8192, 16384…you see the problem. Its nothing more than the law of big numbers. That law is what we are seeing in China in the quarantined cities. The question is IF and it still is, thankfully, an IF, some of the Chinese workers have carried the virus to Ethiopia or the African countries they work in, will those countries be able to contain it while they can, while the numbers are small?
I hope so. "
China's top virus expert says 2019-nCoV outbreak may peak this month. 	"A child waves as she sits in a vehicle carrying residents evacuated from a public housing building, following the outbreak of the new coronavirus, outside Hong Mei House, at Cheung Hong Estate in Hong Kong, China February 11, 2020. Tyrone Siu, Reuters GUANGZHOU, China - China's coronavirus epidemic may peak in February and then plateau before easing, the government's top medical adviser on the outbreak said.
In an exclusive interview with Reuters, Zhong Nanshan, a leading epidemiologist who won international fame for his role in combating the SARS epidemic in 2003, said the situation in some provinces was already improving, with the number of new cases declining.
Zhong, who had previously predicted an earlier peak, said the forecast was based on modelling and developments in recent days, as well as government action.
""So, we suppose maybe, the peak time may be reached at the, maybe middle or late this month, February ... and then keep a little bit plateau or something like that and, then going down,"" he said.
He said containment measures in the city of Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak, were necessary, and the country should also permanently ban trade in wildlife.
It also needed to improve its disease control mechanisms and even help set up a global early warning system for contagious diseases.
China meanwhile tightened restrictions at the locked-down epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak on Tuesday, forbidding feverish people in Wuhan from visiting hospitals outside of their home districts.
The measure comes a day after authorities sealed off residential compounds in the central city, where the deadly novel coronavirus is believed to have originated in a market selling wild animals.
Wuhan has been under effective quarantine since January 23 when the government suspended transport links out of the city in a bid to contain the virus, which has so far killed 1,016 people and infected more than 42,600 across China.
In order to ""contain the spread of the epidemic"", Wuhan residents with fever symptoms are only allowed to seek treatment at designated facilities in the district they live in, the city's health commission said Tuesday.
People diagnosed with pneumonia who require observation must remain at the clinics, or at alternative premises provided by the facilities, the commission said in a notice."
Parent Company of Corona Beer Sues China Over Bad Press During Their Coronavirus Scare. 	"Busch InBev, the parent company of Corona brands of beer, has announced they are filing suit against the Chinese government, after the massive Coronavirus scare in that country has caused a mass panic and multiple deaths. AB InBev claims that the bad press of deaths, mixed with the satiric natures of internet memes connecting “coronavirus” with Corona beers has caused them a loss of tens of millions of dollars.
“Anheuser-Busch InBev feels that the Chinese government is solely responsible for putting the bad taste in people’s mouths regarding the name Corona,” said AB InBev spokesman Rick Barker. “The lack of their medical care, the lack of their preparation, has lead to a massive outbreak of the Coronavirus in China, and as such, has lead to a massive souring of our brand here in the United States.”
The lawsuit, which claims nearly $200 million in damages, was filed in a superior court in Beijing, and names several specific government officials and medical personnel.
“While Corona beer has never been particularly popular in the United States with anyone, outside of those who hate the taste of good beer so prefer swill that you have to add fruit to in order to drink it, but that’s not the point,” said Barker. “We are already feeling the pinch of this Coronavirus, and sales figures are dwindling daily. It’s only a matter of time before the connection becomes a total mixture of truth and reality, and people stop drinking Coronas all together because they think they’ll get sick from it. They will, but that’s because it’s garbage beer, not because it’s got any virus in it.”"
corona virus news Fundamentals Explained. 	"That doesn't suggest that it will never get worse. But for sure Now we have a window of possibility to act... Let's not skip this window of opportunity.""Genetic traces of The brand new coronavirus have already been found in the stool of people getting dealt with at a clinic in ShenzhenChinese client investing — that may Have a very immediate effect on a U.S. and worldwide financial system that sells heavily into your Chinese current market — is likely to have a strike, In line with analysts.A coronavirus can be a style of widespread virus that causes an an infection inside your nose, sinuses, or higher throat. Most coronaviruses will not be dangerous.People that do not have symptoms might be quarantined nearby for nearly fourteen times. American vacationers from other elements of China might also be matter to quarantine based on a chance evaluation.Bay Place community wellness officials have opened unexpected emergency operations facilities in San Francisco and Santa Clara counties to reply to latest or probable cases and deal with concerns from the health care Group and the general public.Within the U.S., the 12th circumstance of coronavirus from the U.S. was been verified in a man in Wisconsin. Health officers there say the man includes a history of vacation to Beijing and was just lately exposed to other recognized coronavirus people when in China. The individual is isolated in the home, and is undertaking nicely, Wisconsin officials say. Final week, the U.S. federal government mentioned that foreigners who had traveled to China in the past two months are going to be barred from entering the the nation, as being the White Residence declared a national general public health and fitness emergency about The brand new coronavirus.“I urge all New Yorkers to remain vigilant, and if you or everyone you are aware of matches the standards and also have just lately traveled towards the influenced parts of China, you should see a healthcare Experienced.”“There needs to be no doubt this will significantly effects the Chinese (and global) economic system significantly,” Richard Bernstein of RB International Advisors said in an e mail Monday early morning. “Nonetheless, just one should really anticipate that The federal government will react with much more monetary and fiscal stimulus.Hahn said in a statement asserting the authorization. ""This proceeds for being an evolving situation website and a chance to distribute this diagnostic examination to certified labs is often a vital action ahead in safeguarding the public wellness."" By Victoria AlbertOfficials are not confirming wherever from the state the individual is situated or when the situation was described.WHO defines a worldwide unexpected emergency being an ""extraordinary function"" that constitutes a risk to other international locations and demands a coordinated international response.The pinnacle on the Flushing Small business Improvement District, Dian Yu, states families usually host dinners at regional eating places for your Lunar New Calendar year, but lots of seem like restricting their publicity to huge gatherings in wake of the global coronavirus outbreak, which has killed nearly 500 persons.A witness told our sister station WABC that she watched to be a masked individual was wheeled out of a neighboring medical doctor's office by masked medics."
The Single Best Strategy To Use For corona virus meme. 	"The Single Best Strategy To Use For corona virus meme The Single Best Strategy To Use For corona virus meme Category: Blog Chinese authorities have locked down metropolitan areas for the centre in the epidemic, and scientists had been brief to share information to the virus with the earth Wellness Corporation and researchers. But the situation figures have been growing, and surged earlier 9,000 before working day, mostly in China.Gweneth Lee – who is described as Britain's most prolific mistress – is juggling 3 Males this Valentine's Working day. It shouldn't be far too challenging for her, as she's slept with one hundred married Gentlemen in her timeTaipei and Beijing could equally lengthen olive branches during the name of the general public wellness emergency that will otherwise be politically infeasible.The WHO setup an emergency committee to evaluate whether or not MERS needs to be declared a PHEIC, but it surely concluded after meeting a number of times that the condition didn't constitute a worldwide well being emergency.The seventh can also be a person from Santa Clara County. He had a short while ago returned from Wuhan and was hardly ever Unwell adequate to want hospitalization, well being officials reported. He's in stable ailment and is “self-isolating” in your house. His case is just not connected with another 1 in Santa Clara County.She's in isolation in a Chicago hospital, and he or she is claimed to become properly As well as in steady condition. The CDC stated she as not unwell although touring and health authorities tend not to Imagine she distribute the virus for the duration of that time. They are saying she has had ""confined shut contacts"" due to the fact returning into the U.S.Bayonne Mayor Jimmy Davis confirmed that about 24 passengers were examined, with four remaining despatched to hospitals for further screening.“The one way We'll defeat this outbreak is for all countries to operate alongside one another in a very spirit of solidarity and cooperation,” Tedros reported. “We've been all On this together and we can easily only end it alongside one another.”Linked: Minimal data could possibly be skewing assumptions about severity of coronavirus outbreak, industry experts sayLast night time British authorities ministers purchased a clampdown on flights here from Wuhan, and took the extraordinary evaluate of correctly quarantining travellers more info from China.Very like Earth War III memes, these just take a serious issue and help it become the butt of jokes about just how terrible of a disaster it could grow to be. This would make For several memes that are insensitive about the particular seriousness in the Coronavirus, approaching The difficulty from the viewpoint of detached irony.“Make no oversight, This is certainly an emergency in China. However it has not but turn into a global wellbeing unexpected emergency,” Tedros discussed. He also vowed to reconvene the crisis committee in the coming times to assessment new information. “Right now, there isn't any proof of human-to-human transmission exterior China, but that doesn’t necessarily mean it gained’t happen,” Tedros included. Formally, a general public overall health unexpected emergency of Global concern, or PHEIC — pronounced “faux” — is defined as “a unprecedented celebration which is set to constitute a community health possibility to other States throughout the Intercontinental distribute of disease and to most likely need a coordinated international response.Now the great Section keep is closing. Stating goodbye to The shop which was constantly away from my access. Irish election yields a three-way tie — as well as a Sinn coronavirus outbreak Fileéin coronavirus cases surge What do the results signify for Ireland? It’s messier than you believe. Why the Oscars don’t have a host this yr For the next year in a very row, the Oscars are heading host-free. It’s possible the beginning of read more a different typical.WHO cautions that transmission of the new coronavirus outside the house… WHO cautions that transmission of The brand new coronavirus outside of China could raise ‘We’re certainly not ready’: Africa braces For brand spanking new coronavirus ‘We’re definitely not prepared’: Africa braces For brand new coronavirus Professionals visualize two scenarios if the new coronavirus isn’t… Authorities envision two situations if The brand new coronavirus isn’t contained"
Afraid of the Corona virus that is spreading from China. 	"741 users here now 1. Feel free to speak your mind This is a place where all who want to get something off their chest, can get something off their chest. The Mods at /r/TrueOffMyChest will never enforce any rules that exclude any race/gender/etc. or other views from posting in /r/TrueOffMyChest . We ask that you do the same. 2. Do not break sitewide rules Due to the nature of this subreddit, telling anyone to kill themselves will be an automatic, permanent ban. This is a place where people come to share some of their darkest secrets, things that might already put them into a volatile mental state. Again, there is a no tolerance policy for this. Posts involving pedophilia or minors in sexual situations may be removed if graphic Posts wishing violence on anyone will be removed. 3. Posts must be on topic No Circlejerking - Repeated posts on the same topic within a 24 hour period is considered circlejerking. Please find an active thread on the topic and participate by commenting. No blanket statements Obviously fake stories will be removed Political posts are fine but they must be in ""off my chest"" fashion. Please consider r/unpopularopinion unless your post is personal in nature 4. Comments must be civil and respectful of OP Scolding/insults toward OP is not allowed, no matter what their opinions are. Egregiously breaking this rule may result in a ban. 5. Be mature Off-topic comments are rude and will be removed. Calm debates are fine, name-calling and arguing is not. Comments should be well-thought out and reasonable and have the goal of productive conversation with others, even if there is a disagreement Please engage the community in good faith and do not test the limits of the mod team 6. Do not disclose personal information about yourself or others Do not reveal personally identifiable information. Consider creating a new reddit account just for your post. Do not attempt a witch hunt. This includes referencing another user's reddit history. Do not ping users who are not already in the thread. Pinging someone in order to harass them is a bannable offense We also heavily encourage our users to follow the reddiquette Other Information This subreddit is not considered a safe space for any particular group. If you are in need of one, the original /r/offmychest maintains one (Mostly for common safe spaces such as LGBT, Domestic Abuse, Sexual Abuse). All posts, besides blatant trolls or excessive circlejerking, are allowed and we will not take them down. "
Greater Noida(Uttar Pradesh), Amid Corona virus. 	"Amid Corona virus scare, the Auto Expo being organised in Greater Noida is witnessing reduced participation of delegates from China.
Speaking to ANI, HS Brar, Director Sales and Marketing, Great Wall Motors, said, ""A big delegation was supposed to come from China but we cancelled their trip. Even the interaction of Chinese colleagues with the public has been reduced.""
One of the representatives of MG Motors said that the coronavirus scare has impacted a lot of suppliers in logistics in various parts of the world.
One of the representatives of Haima Automobile said, ""The officials of our company were supposed to fly down here to have a press conference regarding our launch. "
Corona Virus is NOT the end of the world.. 	"Stop the nonsense. Tornadoes and Earthquakes will continue. The press is extremely gullible. at You are free to copy, distribute and transmit the work of Cuba Journal.
You may not use the work of Cuba Journal for commercial purposes.
You may not alter, transform, or build upon this work.
In the case of a language translation done by the editor, the publisher or the staff of Cuba Journal, you must give proper written credit to the writer of the original piece and also to the translator. Cuba Journal Fair Use Policy FAIR USE NOTICE: This site contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of Cuba. We provide this information without any profit or income to Cuba Journal. We believe this constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes. For more information go to: http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml . If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use', you must obtain permission from the copyright owner. Copy Left Rights Granted to Users. Include Link to Cuba Journal. Simple theme. Powered by Blogger ."
Google searches for Corona beer surge due to virus outbreak. 	"Close How to stay safe from the Coronavirus
Here are simple precautions that can protect you from contracting the rapidly spreading Coronavirus.
Illness Searches for beer surge due to deadly virus outbreak
The coronavirus outbreak appears to have led to people fearing their favourite beer is linked to the deadly bug.
In the mistaken belief that the famous Mexican brand Corona may somehow be connected to the virus, searches such as “corona beer virus” have been surging.
The beer is famously drunk with a lime in the neck but it’s not connected to the virus in any way.
The virus first appeared in the Chinese city of Wuhan. So far 132 people have been killed and more than 6,000 infected.
RELATED: Follow updates on the coronavirus outbreak
media_camera Searches for ""Corona beer virus"" have surged as a result of the deadly outbreak. Picture: Google Trends
According to data from Google trends , “beer coronavirus” searches have increased substantially around the world since January 18.
Cambodia and Denmark topped the list of places which saw a surge in searches for the term.
Global searches of “corona beer virus” between January 18 and January 26 jumped 2,300 per cent.
In the same period, “beer virus” searches jumped 744 per cent and for “beer coronavirus”, 3,233 per cent.
media_camera Global searches for “corona beer virus” jumped 2,300 per cent between January 18 and January 26. Picture: Derek Moore
In Spanish, “corona” means crowns, and Corona beer originated in Mexico. But in English, the anatomical term “corona” is used for body parts resembling a crown.
A recent prank video showed a woman wearing a medical face mask and gloves, opening the Mexican beers and yelling “I’m getting rid of the virus”.
The coronavirus is named because its external cell structure has little crown-like spikes.
media_camera Coronavirus is named for its external cell structure.
Fears have been raised over a rise in coronavirus patients who’ve never been to China.
So far there have been 97 people tested in the UK for the virus, and dramatic video showed the moment hazmat-wearing paramedics quarantined a suspected patient in Birmingham.
Up to 200 people from Britain are expected to be flown back from Wuhan, the centre of the deadly outbreak, in the coming days.

 "
5 Simple Statements About corona virus america Explained. 	" “You then see a world worry and worldwide slowdown and rightfully so. I’m going for walks all around conferences and I’m the one a single carrying a mask. Complacency is an extremely grave Hazard in this type of possibility setting.”Chinese people are the greatest luxurious spenders on this planet, like in Italy, wherever they stand for 35% of huge-ticket spenders, more than Russians, Arabs and Americans blended. Their absence during the Chinese New Yr travel interval is staying sorely felt by Milan's luxury boutiques.However, anybody who has actually been to Wuhan in the final 14 days and feels Ill with fever, cough or trouble breathing was instructed to seek health care treatment quickly, calling physician or unexpected emergency rooms ahead of time to tell them of their new travel and symptoms.A coronavirus is actually a style of popular virus that triggers an an infection within your nose, sinuses, or upper throat. Most coronaviruses are usually not hazardous.China's Huanggang, Xiantao and Ezhou metropolitan areas have joined Wuhan in shutting down railway stations and suspending long-length buses and ferry companies, according to statements on the metropolitan areas' Internet sites and point out media.The CDC expects a lot more cases to generally be discovered in the coming times, which includes more cases in The usa. The CDC states ""the rapid health and fitness hazard with the 2019-nCoV to the final American community is taken into account lower at the moment,"" nonetheless the CDC remains to be checking your situation intently and using ""proactive preparedness safeguards.""In the U.S., the twelfth scenario of coronavirus from the U.S. was been confirmed in a person in Wisconsin. Overall health officials there say The person features a background of vacation to Beijing and was recently subjected to other known coronavirus sufferers while in China. The client is isolated in your own home, which is accomplishing very well, Wisconsin officers say. Past 7 days, the U.S. governing administration stated that foreigners who experienced traveled to China prior to now two months are going to be barred from moving into the the country, as being the White Property declared a countrywide community well being crisis about The brand new coronavirus.“I urge all New Yorkers to remain vigilant, and if you or anybody you realize matches the criteria and possess recently traveled to your affected regions of China, please see a health care here Qualified.”""Most people is not going to receive the virus,"" Koo stated. ""So I urge people today to only go on their normal routines.""Looks like you are working with new Reddit on an aged browser. The website might not get the job done effectively if you don't update your browser! If you do not update your browser, we recommend you visit aged reddit.• Clean your fingers generally with cleaning soap and h2o for a minimum of twenty seconds. If soap and water will not be available, use an Alcoholic beverages-based hand sanitizer.Group claims tackling crises such as coronavirus could develop into tougher devoid of entry to EU’s early warning processThe head with the Flushing Organization Advancement District, Dian Yu, says family members typically host dinners at community places to eat for the Lunar New 12 months, but numerous appear to be limiting their exposure to big gatherings in wake of the worldwide coronavirus outbreak, which has killed practically 500 people.A pilot's standpoint on coronavirus: In case you dress in a surgical mask? What did SARS teach vacationers?"
Three vitamins can keep Corona virus away from you and your child. 	"The emergence of the “Corona” virus in Asia has led to a wide movement by scientific and research institutions in order to reduce the spread of the disease and reduce infections.
Corona coronavirus, which first appeared in the Chinese city of Wuhan, can spread through humans and animals alike when communicating with an infected person.
In general, it is difficult to distinguish between infections caused by the Coronavirus and other regular respiratory infections, which in their natural causes cause colds, coughs, sore throats, fatigue and fever.
Prof. Saptawati Pardosono, a nutrition expert from the University of Indonesia’s Faculty of Medicine, said that children are less tolerant and more susceptible to viruses, including the Corona virus, so their tolerance should be increased through proper and clean nutrition and protection and prevention measures, but it is necessary to provide them with three Essential vitamins.
According to the professor, vitamins have an important function as a protector of the immune system, stressing that “there are three vitamins important for children, especially to prevent corona virus, they are vitamin A, vitamin C, and vitamin D.”
Vitamin A”
Vitamin A’s job is to boost the child’s immunity and development, Professor Professor Saptawati said, “Foods that contain Vitamin A are fish, cheese, shrimp, milk, eggs, carrots, sweet potatoes, broccoli, kale and other fresh vegetables.”
Vitamin C”
Vitamin C is a powerful antioxidant and can help remove toxins from the body, as well as enhance our immune system. The Professor pointed out, “Foods that contain Vitamin C are strawberries, pineapple, cauliflower, mango, kiwi, oranges and guava.”
Vitamin D”
And all international research indicates that most people around the world are infected with vitamin D deficiency, as about 50% of people in the world suffer from vitamin deficiency, and the professor stressed that it is one of the most important immune tools in the body and he pointed out that “in addition to the possibility of obtaining vitamin D from the sun , You can also get it from eggs, fish, mushrooms and grains, according to Tempo.
Professor Saptawati pointed out that, along with nutritional needs, children must be protected from exposure to the surrounding environmental hazards, and stressed the need to wash hands with soap regularly, after all activities because this virus can stick to things. "
German IFO, headlines regarding corona virus amongst market movers today . 	"According to analysts at Danske Bank, markets will continue to pay close attention to headlines regarding the spreading of the corona virus. Meanwhile, the global calendar is light today with the only scheduled release of the German IFO index for January. Key Quotes:
“As the Chinese New Year has kicked off, markets will continue to pay close attention to headlines regarding the spreading of the corona virus. Later this week Chinese PMI figures (Friday) will be closely watched for any potential negative impact already showing up in service sector activity.”
“We start the week in a quiet manner on the data front with the German IFO index for January released today. In light of a further rebound in the ZEW and PMI numbers last week, we expect IFO to chime in with the signal that the gloomy skies over Germany's manufacturing sector are brightening.”
“Later this week, we look forward to the FOMC (Wednesday) and Bank of England (Thursday) meetings and European inflation figures (Friday).”
Information on these pages contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Markets and instruments profiled on this page are for informational purposes only and should not in any way come across as a recommendation to buy or sell in these assets. You should do your own thorough research before making any investment decisions. FXStreet does not in any way guarantee that this information is free from mistakes, errors, or material misstatements. It also does not guarantee that this information is of a timely nature. Investing in Open Markets involves a great deal of risk, including the loss of all or a portion of your investment, as well as emotional distress. All risks, losses and costs associated with investing, including total loss of principal, are your responsibility. "
Duterte ensures transparency amid 2019-nCoV ARD scare in PH. 	"President Duterte assured the public that the government will remain transparent as it deals with the threat of the 2019-novel coronavirus acute respiratory disease (2019-nCoV ARD) in the Philippines, saying his administration has never been in the business of keeping information from the public.
President Rodrigo Roa Duterte (KING RODRIGUEZ / PRESIDENTIAL PHOTO / FILE PHOTO / MANILA BULLETIN)
Duterte made the statement after the second case of the virus in the country was confirmed three days after the first one was reported by the Department of Health (DOH) last week.
READ MORE: PH reports 1st coronavirus death
In a press briefing in Malacañang, Duterte said it was never the intention of the government to keep information about the death of the second patient, saying the DOH only found out he tested positive after he died.
“This government will never hide anything. If it says you’re going to die tomorrow because of this—it is a contagion all over, we will tell you that. If it will cost your life, we will not hide that,” he said Monday evening.
“It’s a reality. Whether you admit it or not, you have to bury the dead. So what is there to hide? It’s not a treasure. It is not something of value to us. It does not contribute to the national wealth. Why should we hide?” he added.
Duterte said the Palace will never hide anything especially from members of the media since it is the job of a journalist to tell the people developments about the situation.
“Why should we hide it from the press when we are supposed to tell the press, you — that go to the world and announce that there is this thing that’s happening and this is what we should be doing,” he said.
The President has assured the public that there was no need for the public to be hysterical, saying the virus will “die a natural death” but appealed to Filipinos to not discriminate the Chinese because of it.
The Department of Health (DOH) said both patients with the 2019-nCoV were partners and were both from Wuhan, China, the said origin of the disease."
Corona Scared? Man Kicked Off Flight For Wearing Gas Mask. 	"You can put this one in the ‘very weird’ file. A passenger on an American Airlines flight was removed on Thursday after boarding his flight with a military style gas mask. 
American Airlines later tweeted that they “worked with local officials to address the issue.” We’re guessing that it probably means that they removed the man from the flight. Corona Virus is no joke
Beyond poor choices in safety gear, the flu-like Corona virus is leading to some unprecedented ripple effects in the aviation industry. American Airlines, Delta Airlines, and United are all suspending flights to mainland China in response the growing crisis. Outside of war or governmental instability, there has never been a suspension of service to an entire nation on this scale.
In addition, the United States government has banned any foreign national from entering the US if they have traveled within China over the previous 14 days. In addition, any US citizen who traveled within China will face a health inspection upon return and be asked to self-quarantine for 14 days after arrival. The State Department has advised citizens to avoid all travel to China based on the risk of contracting the Corona virus. . @StateDept is increasing the #China Travel Advisory to Level 4 – Do Not Travel. This is due to the spread of the novel #coronavirus throughout China & the @WHO determination that the outbreak constitutes a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. 
While US carriers have suspended air service to/from China due to safety concerns but foreign carriers are still allowed to fly into the US from China. Beginning Sunday Feb 2nd, carriers will be restricted to just 7 US airports who will have additional screening technology available. They include Seattle, New York’s Kennedy, Chicago O’Hare, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Atlanta, and Honolulu. While we don’t have confirmation yet, it is assumed that flights to secondary US cities like San Jose, California or Boston from China will either be suspended or diverted. "
corona virus california Secrets. 	Though they have been fairly Secure sheltering in your house, Arek felt compelled to go out and doc the outbreak of the new sort of coronavirus. Among the his subjects: the construction of a whole new medical center in-built a handful of times; biosecurity Look at details; and empty streets. Arek Rataj, APGenetic traces of The brand new coronavirus are actually located in the stool of people becoming handled in a healthcare facility in ShenzhenChina developed a take a look at for your virus and shared that info with other international locations. The CDC has developed its have check.The virus could be unfold when an contaminated person coughs or sneezes. Hand-washing is a primary line of defence The entire Guardian's coronavirus protectionChina's Huanggang, Xiantao and Ezhou metropolitan areas have joined Wuhan in shutting down railway stations and suspending long-distance buses together with ferry expert services, As outlined by statements within the towns' Web sites and condition media.Chicago Dept. of Community Health: “Importantly, at the moment, community wellness officials never recommend of any imminent health and fitness hazard to the general public.” @cbschicagoOn a daily basis after the Health and fitness Department announced that a patient at Bellevue Hospital in Manhattan experienced analyzed negative for the novel coronavirus, officers reported they remain awaiting the exam outcomes of two folks in Flushing hospitals.“If we see an outbreak, or simply a cluster of cases inside of a experienced economy just like the U.S. or France or else you identify it and concern is no longer hooked up to China but spreads, then I believe this genuinely tanks marketplaces,” he stated.New Jersey wellness officials say that there's no have to panic if a perhaps fatal virus originating in China involves the Back garden State – as These are ready for these kinds of an prevalence.David Abel says in online video update on Facebook that he had been eating with fellow Briton who examined constructive for coronavirus with a cruise ship docked in JapanThey ended up diagnosed With all the ailment in Italy right after being in Wuhan, town at the epicenter on the outbreak, and are dealt with with frequent and experimental antiviral medicines. Their condition was called really click here serious but stable.WWE is having a beating from investors, who could possibly have dropped self-assurance in Vince McMahon's company as a consequence of sagging figures as well as a administration shakeup.After an agonizing hold out to become evacuated from your coronavirus outbreak zone in China, another planeload of Americans is heading to the U.S. The Americans had been screened ahead of the flight.Japan has confirmed its next scenario of an infection by The brand new coronavirus from China, the overall health ministry explained on Friday.
Is the Corona virus racist? Could it be a racial bioweapon?. There is something odd about Novel coronavirus.. 	"First, we are told that it originated in the Huahan Seafood Market, but according to a Lancet article patient zero had no connection whatsoever ( https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(20)... ) with the Seafood Market.
Posted by u/asianblaazin 10 days ago Novel coronavirus: Could it be a racial bioweapon? Please listen to this before dismissing it out of hand. There is something odd about Novel coronavirus.
First, we are told that it originated in the Huahan Seafood Market, but according to a Lancet article patient zero had no connection whatsoever ( https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(20)... ) with the Seafood Market.
Second, this virus has some highly unusual properties that are not seen in any typical upper respiratory infection. It is unusual for a virus to be very infectious without symptoms. For example, The common cold is infectious from a few days before your symptoms appear until all of the symptoms are gone. Flu is usually most infectious from the day your symptoms start and for a further 3 to 7 days. That is because in order to spread from one person to another, a virus usually has to be present in large amounts in the body. This virus is insanely infectious before symptoms begin.
https://www.nhs.uk/common-health-questions/infections/how-long-is-s...
Third, the genomic properties are highly unusual. It is an RNA virus which mutates unusually fast, making it difficult to treat as its signature changes all the time. According to Dr. Eric Feigl-Ding, a search of 2019-nCoV middle fragment revealed no considerable similarity with any of the previously characterized corona viruses. Notably, the new coronavirus provides a new lineage for almost half of its genome, with no close genetic relationships to other viruses within the subgenus of sarbecovirus. This genomic part comprises also half of the spike region encoding a multifunctional protein responsible also for virus entry into host cell. Our study rejects the hypothesis of emergence as a result of a recent recombination event.
https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.01.26.920249v1
Notably, the virus binds to ACE2 receptors which are far more common among Asian men. The result indicates that the ACE2 virus receptor expression is concentrated in a small population of type II alveolar cells (AT2). Surprisingly, we found that this population of ACE2-expressing AT2 also highly expressed many other genes that positively regulating viral reproduction and transmission. A comparison between eight individual samples demonstrated that the Asian male one has an extremely large number of ACE2-expressing cells in the lung. We also noticed that the only Asian donor (male) has a much higher ACE2-expressing cell ratio than white and African American donors (2.50% vs. 0.47% of all cells).
https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.01.26.919985v1.full
Fourth, the virus originated in the most central city in China at the time most likely for it to spread uncontrolled, the even of the Lunar New Year where travel is massive.
While there is no proof it is a bioweapon, the confluence of factors is highly unusual. Before this, the Chinese nation was heavily feared as a rising challenge to the established world order. Those who want to see a weaker China and reverse its economic gains have great cause to privately celebrate the emergence of coronavirus.
"
Detailed Notes on corona virus chronic. 	“No nation could be geared up at this stage because it is a whole new virus, that’s why it is named novel corona virus. This disease ought to be fought being a nation, far more so on specific level by using necessary precautions. The Government has become active and tourists from China are now being screened at airports for Original symptoms.Human coronavirus was initial learned in 1965 and accounts For several conditions from the common cold. The virus receives its title from its crown-like form. Coronaviruses are zoonotic, meaning They are transmitted between animals and folks. SARS-CoV was transmitted from civet cats to humans and researchers suspect MERS-CoV is transmitted from dromedary camels to individuals.Hi. Be sure to Every person, do your investigate on over vaccination. This vaccination timetable is outside of day instead of based upon scientific study. Actual investigation displays that Animals are guarded for all times in most cases following the first established. The recommendation for once-a-year dhpp photographs is 20 years outside of date!The human anti-vaccination motion is impacting whether people have their dogs vaccinated. Folks Feel vaccinations are unsafe to their Animals, nonetheless, vets evaluate the core vaccines to get medically needed.Very good luck with that. It’s also terrible that you choose to power your religion on to your animals for, apparently, it dictates that theirs is always to go through and, then, to go as well early to that excellent kennel while in the sky.Team 3 coronaviruses are present in avian species. Genetic recombination commonly occurs in between users of precisely the same and of different coronavirus teams giving prospect for improved genetic variety.I like the way you stated that vaccinations are intended to safeguard your Canine in opposition to an variety of diseases. My brother is going to get yourself a Doggy but he won't know what vaccinations are required for any Puppy dog. I'll share this short article with him so He's aware about the vaccinations necessary inside a Doggy.FIP typically follows infection of the feline coronavirus, which generally isn't going to result in any outward symptoms. It is actually assumed Germ Masks that there are some types of coronaviruses that mutate to the feline infectious peritonitis, either on their own or as the result of a defect from the cat's immune reaction.THIS Instrument DOES NOT Offer Health care ADVICE. It is meant for normal informational functions only and does not deal with personal situations. It's not at all a substitute for Specialist medical advice, analysis or treatment and shouldn't be relied on to produce conclusions regarding your health and fitness.There are various criteria to help make when vaccinating a Corona virus masks Puppy. The Corona Virus Protection initial is area and countrywide guidelines that determine which vaccinations are necessary for dogs living in the area. These types of vaccinations are generally known as “Main” vaccinations and therefore are required for all dogs.What really scares me where I Stay is the fact that the suburbs behind me have lots of dogs that just operate where they wish to, like my property. In actual fact, they even killed my chickens and my neighbor's chickens. Now, I think about Should they be allowed to roam close to where they corona virus inservice be sure to, including my lawn, they almost certainly will not be vaccinated either.There isn't any specific antiviral treatment suggested for MERS-CoV an infection. People with MERS generally receive health-related care to help minimize symptoms. For critical situations, present treatment features treatment to support important organ functions.The supplies, facts and solutions furnished as a result of this Internet site are usually not meant to substitute the clinical guidance or solutions of your individual veterinarian or other pet health and fitness care Expert.Have you really viewed these reports with the have eyes?? I wager not. Until you might have poured in excess of most of the files that help that it's a “conspiracy principle” – you almost certainly shouldn’t have an feeling. Inform that towards the mothers and fathers of 2 youngsters that listened to their pediatrician not the moment but 2 times and went in advance with vaccines and Each small children went from content and active infants that responded with smiles and kicking in their legs to their moms and dads into a blank-on the lookout unresponsive stupor-like states not 24 hours after the vaccines got. These 2 instances Corona Virus Death were 2 several years apart. What All those mother and father reside is not any catch phrase of the “conspiracy principle”! I just guess you, Anon, that the eyes haven’t read through one sentence with regard to vaccines and their hyperlink to autism – you are merely a blind sheep subsequent somebody else’s direct simply because you don’t contain the wherewithal to Consider and do investigate on your own.
Scientists discover antibody that can neutralize 2019-nCoV coronavirus. 	"Chinese molecular biologists have found out that one of the antibodies discovered during the 2003 atypical pneumonia epidemic can neutralize the coronavirus that sparked the pneumonia outbreak in China and a number of other nations, says an article published in bioRxiv internet library. Related news Kazakh Embassy in Azerbaijan launches hot line due to coronavirus outbreak China reports 7,711 confirmed cases of new coronavirus pneumonia, 170 deaths WHO, China leaders discuss next steps in battle against coronavirus outbreak
«We report for the first time that […] CR3022 could bind potently with 2019-nCoV RBD,» the scientists write in their article. «Interestingly, some of the most potent […] antibodies (e.g., m396, CR3014) […] failed to bind 2019-nCoV spike protein.»
This discovery, according to the scientists from the Wuhan Institute of Virology and Fudan University in Shanghai, gives hope that CR3022 compound, combined with other antibodies that can bind with the new coronavirus, would allow to create the first effective remedies for the novel pneumonia and stop the epidemics, TASS reports.
The scientists have come to this conclusion after they observed how the copy of the RBD protein, which the Chinese virus uses to infiltrate human cells, interacts with various antibodies discovered in patient bodies or created during the 2003 atypical pneumonia outbreak.
These viruses are closely related and their RBD proteins are similar, which, the scientists presumed, allowed for a slight chance that these old molecules would also neutralize the new pathogen. On the one hand, those hopes were fulfilled with the CR3022, but the four other antibodies, including the synthetic cure m336, created several years ago in the Wuhan Institute of Virology, failed to react to the viral protein.
This discovery has greatly surprised the scientists, since computer models did not indicate that slight RBD differences would make the 2019-nCoV invulnerable to those protein molecules. The scientists now study the infected blood samples, in hopes to find other antibodies that would bind with the coronavirus more effectively than the CR3022 does.
The novel coronavirus
On December 31, 2019, Chinese authorities informed the World Health Organization (WHO) about an outbreak of an unknown pneumonia in the city of Wuhan — a large trade and industrial center in central China populated by 11 million people. On January 7, Chinese experts identified the infecting agent: coronavirus 2019-nCoV.
According to recent data, over 6,000 people have been infected with the virus, with 132 people dead. The virus continues to spread in China and other states, including Australia, Vietnam, Italy, Germany, Cambodia, Malaysia, Nepal, the Republic of Korea, Singapore, the US, Thailand, France, Sri Lanka and Japan.
The new virus belongs to the same group as the coronavirus of the well-known severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS). Both viruses have claimed lives of several hundred people in the Middle East and East Asia, causing repeated epidemics, spread through camels and poultry. The initial carriers of the 2019-nCoV virus were bats, the scientists believe.
All three pathogens relate to the so-called coronaviruses. They cause similar symptoms: fever, cough, trouble breathing and constant phlegm production. The incubation period is up to 12 days, followed by the strongest fever. Most lethal cases happened due to exhaustion, complications and accompanying infections when left unattended."
Corona Virus. 	"The virus is a relative of “Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome” (SARS), another coronavirus virus that hit in 2002. Experts are currently saying that the new virus is not as severe as the 2002 outbreak, although it may be more contagious. So far, that’s not too bad.
China has quarantined more than 35 million people and stopped all travel in or out of Wuhan during the busy Chinese New Year season. China has also announced that it plans to build a 1,000-bed hospital within a week to treat coronavirus.
Those stories either indicate that China is taking very seriously its responsibility to its people and to the world at large to stop an inconvenient and somewhat dangerous virus from spreading or it means that the Chinese government is scared and panicking.
One nurse in China says it’s the latter. The nurse, wearing heavy protective garb that hides her identity, has published a video claiming that 90,000 people have the coronavirus in Wuhan
I am here to tell the truth. At this moment, Hubei Province (including the Wuhan area), even China, 90,000 people have been infected by corona virus so far.
How much do you know about corona virus? If a person who is infected with coronavirus, if you can’t isolate someone who is infected with the virus, if you can’t make the right treatment to them, at least 14 people will be infected by that virus at once. That means 14 people who already infected times 14 people sooner or later.
Now we are having the Chinese New Year. Every Chinese wants to go back home. We want to have some time with family. We want to have some dinner together. However, we are in a special situation right now.
I would like to say that everyone who is currently watching this video should not go outside. Don’t party. Do not eat out. Once a year, we celebrate Chinese New Year. If you are safe now, you will be able to meet again your family healthy next year.
Let’s talk about the current medical situation in Hubei (including Wuhan). At the present, all medical systems in Hubei. . . . We don’t care what the government says, I will tell you through social media. Everyone, please donate masks, glasses, and clothes to Wuhan. Please help us. Please donate disposable goggles, disposable masks, and disposable clothing.
Currently all resources are not enough. Now all the doctors in all the hospitals in Wuhan area now, on the front line to prevent coronavirus. We are all standing at the deadline.
I want everyone watching this video to pay attention to what I say. I will say it again. Please do not go outside during the Chinese New Year. The reason I work so hard is I want my mother and my whole family to be healthy. I hope you understand everything what I say.
Some family members, relatives, friends, and some people aren’t getting this news right now. If you are watching this video, please spread this video away. We must be aware of this issue. This is a political challenge. (It seems the government keep the secret about this issue.)
We should inform everyone that coronavirus is now growing up to secondary mutation. In other words, first-generation mutations can cure symptoms. But, if a second-generation mutation occurs, something really terrible happens will come. That’s because the infection is not just for one person, but for everyone around you (at least 10 people). If so, coronavirus will explode.
I will ask again. Never go out and do not eat out. Thank you very much.
You may want to stock up on disinfecting gel. Also, don’t eat bats, mice, or snakes . They are more likely to be disease vectors than our domesticated animals, which have been bred for human diets and are raised, slaughtered, and cooked in ways that minimize disease.
Meanwhile, the inimitable Paul Joseph Watson points out that, even now, both to “save the planet” and to show sophistication, the Left is encouraging Americans to eat animals not normally part of the Western diet and contending that saying otherwise is racist."
Backroads and Corona Dumb-Dumbs. 	"If you know anything about me in real life you know I love my short cuts, my backroads. Today I took two new ones, one up and over the mountains on the backside of Tama instead of the one paved road in. On my way out I took the road past the airport, that winds around past the wetlands.
Both were wonderful. I got to see houses for sale here and there, found where the chocolate tour is and drove through some of the prettiest farmlands I've seen in ages. The road back behind the airport was glorious. Not paved but smoothly graded surrounded by wide open fields filled with cattle. Didn't have to ford any rivers or deal with traffic in and out of town.
Had to go to town to pick up a cut rate Swiffer-knock off. My old one finally broke. No mopping Swiffer like things, so I'll have to pick one up tomorrow in Liberia when we pick up our friend. Instead I got treated to the stupidest reaction of all time to my Vog mask.
Pulled into the back parking lot for the only really luxurious shopping area in Tama, and saw some rather fluffy older what looked like American tourists standing near the mall entrance. All three were furiously puffing away in their cigarettes. Right under the ""No Fumar"" sign (no smoking). Cigarette fumes plus me equals asthma. They show no signs of moving along, they don' speak Spanish and are ignoring the security guard's pleas in Spanish to no fumar.
No biggee, not worth hassling with even if I wish they were smoking away from the entrance. It is at times like these that I don my mask before leaving the car. I have a very pretty Vog mask, turquoise blue with hummingbirds and tropical flowers that fits exactly and is the greatest thing ever in my battle to keep breathing.
People tend to look when I put it on, but usually it's just a quick glance. But not today. My eyes are swollen and red due to the palm pollens, and I'm wearing that mask. It's in the pocket of my purse because of the random reactions during the palm blooming season. I'm pretty quickly aware I'm getting not so much curious quick glances. I'm getting downright glares from many of the Americans in the place. I don't know why.
Until three sheets to the wind random American with a cart filled with beer and alcohol starts yelling at me. He is convinced I have the Corona Virus and am walking around spreading that shit. Tried to explain it's because of the pulsating crowd of perfumes, cleansers and the lurking smokers. I'm just trying to keep breathing here, buddy.
And so it begins, the American crazy, fear mongering over what you do not understand. Someone wearing a filtration mask is merely trying to stay well. Don't judge and jump to rash conclusions."
Novel Corona Virus (COVID-19) Update. 	So Novel Corona Virus (2019) has an official title now: COVID-19. Not as snappy as NCoV but hey, officialdom isn't renown for it's snappiness... So, an update: The Southampton school was deep-disinfected because some kids had a cold when they came back from Singapore. Fair play, better safe then sorry. Mr Super-spreader has been given the all-clear and sent home. He's no longer infectious. Hopefully. There's a prisoner in Bullingdon jail that is suspected of having the virus after being shipped over from Thailand. We'll see how that pans out. A bunch of people (apparently foreign tourists) in London are in isolation at St. Thomas' after having flu-like symptoms after coming back from the far East. So, thankfully it appears the UK is on top of the situation. Thankfully we closed down direct flights from China some days ago. I was surprised to see a video that insinuated that the USA hadn't closed down air links to China. A bad move, considering anyone can walk through the border without symptoms but still be carrying the virus. Even indirect flights might be a risk as it's a way of subverting the bio-security afforded by the closure of direct links. I've actually got a car part coming from Hong Kong. Hopefully it'll be in the post long enough so the virus won't be a risk factor. ;-) Maybe I'll give it a wipe with a disinfectant wipe, just in case... But hopefully as we reach the limits of the quarantine/incubation period, the UK will emerge COVID-19 clear. Then we just nuke China... sorry, I mean hopefully the Chinese can get on top of the virus and get back to normality. 
Corona-Virus - The Lust for the Plague. 	"German version News of the corona virus epidemic is currently making it into the press before the coal phase-out and the impeachment proceedings against the US president. The World Health Organization is discussing the declaration of a worldwide health emergency so as not to be accused of having acted too hesitantly and belatedly - as in the case of the Ebola outbreak in West Africa in 2014. The Chinese health authorities lock down more than 40 Million citizens in their cities and cancel the most important new year holidays to show that they have everything under control and, above all, that they are working transparently, responsible and cooperatively, in contrast to the SARS virus outbreak in 2003.
The virologists are giving long interviews about similarities and differences to the SARS virus with many ""could"", ""if"" and ""must"" formulations, with which they above all testify to their own importance, since they can no more predict the course of events than the German Robert Koch Institute, whose task at the moment is to reassure the German public that everyone is prepared and nobody needs to worry. Even as very few cases have been detected in Europe and Germany now, the whole thing is still taking place mainly in the ""Far East"". But thanks to globalization, the perceived distances have apparently shrunk, as has the time lag between an event and its media presentation.
What a new epidemic promises It seems that everyone is rushing to catch this new infectious disease, already announced as a ""pandemic"", to forget for a moment the climate crisis, the Libyan crisis and the Brexit crisis. And all the players have their own interests at stake. A new epidemic promises new research funds, new resources for vaccines and medicines development, new prevention activities, new jobs and new experts panels and conferences, and a welcome change from the often boring and tedious routines of everyday work for a functioning healthcare system. This, however, should actually be exactly what it is all about: strengthening the daily work of the health system so that all people in need can be helped in case of need.
If always an emergency has to be declared first, so that the question of continuous monitoring of health hazards comes up, at some point nobody believes that surveillance should be part of the routine tasks (and cannot be delegated to a ""rapid reaction force"") to prepare a health system for such situations. And if only one ""new"" virus triggers the alarm, the scandal of the avoidable victims of well-known killers such as measles or tuberculosis becomes smaller and smaller - as currently shown by the comparison between the 6,000 confirmed fatalities of the measles outbreak in the DR Congo since 2019 and the 132 current deaths caused by the new corona virus globally, most of them in the 11 million metropolis of Wuhan.
The daily management of global health threats is neglected WHO currently complains of acute ""donor fatigue"" in the fight against measles in Congo and lists weak health systems, logistical difficulties and malnutrition of the population as co-factors of the epidemic. Here sits the dilemma of such ""disaster health policy"", as it is currently evident in the Corona case: in the simulation of an activist system of global health security policy that prioritizes events because this allows attention, resources and significance to be mobilized while neglecting the day-to-day management of global health threats.
If global (and also German) health policy was really serious about its commitment to universal health coverage, then the difference would have to be made here: Despite all the necessary attention to potential global health threats, today more than ever it is a matter of structurally strengthening local basic health systems, which are also necessary to cope with epidemics in an emergency. This was demonstrated in the Ebola crisis in West Africa, and it will be shown again if the corona virus proves to be much more dangerous than it fortunately still looks at present.
""Pandemics teach us that all human beings are born equal and therefore mortal in the same way. In line with this, the danger of a global pandemic can only be averted if the concept of ""health for all"" is finally realized and the simple truth is recognized everywhere in the world that every public health system is only as strong as its poorest patient"".
From: The host is always the stranger of Satya Sivaraman. The journalist, author and filmmaker lives in different places in South and Southeast Asia and is media consultant of the ""People's Health Movement""."
The Fact About corona virus bats That No One Is Suggesting. 	"Advise you to receive N95 masks much too, These are available bulk Although they're not as powerful as FFP3. Adding onto that provide a single-time-use gloves or plastic gloves just just in case you want to be a little bit additional hygienic.A Chinese Woman wears a plastic bottle as makeshift do-it-yourself protection and a protecting mask whilst waiting around to check in to your flight at Beijing Capital Airport on Jan. thirty, 2020 in Beijing, China. The quantity of cases of the deadly new coronavirus rose to around 7000 in mainland China Thursday as being the country continued to lock down town of Wuhan in an effort to contain the distribute of the pneumonia-like disorder which medicals gurus have verified may be passed from human to human. Within an unparalleled transfer, Chinese authorities put vacation limits on the city which happens to be the epicenter with the virus and neighboring municipalities influencing tens of countless men and women., describes how a lady from China contaminated four co-personnel in a German corporation just before she showed any symptoms on the illness herself.Talking Tuesday at WHO headquarters in Geneva, the Business's chief of infectious disorder Handle, Dr. Sylvie Briand, reported she and her colleagues have been assured a global pandemic could still be avoided.The earth Health Corporation has not declared a global crisis however, saying it really is waiting around to determine how the virus develops. An individual donning a mask stands at a window of the staff accommodation block exactly where British nationals lately flown again from China and in danger in the new virus are being quarantined, at Arrowe Park Hospital, on the Wirral, in Liverpool, England on Feb.Chinese police wear protecting masks because they stand guard on the most important highway on January 31, 2020 in Beijing, China. here The quantity of cases of a fatal new coronavirus rose to Just about 9700 in mainland China Friday, the working day after the entire world Wellness Group declared the outbreak a world community health unexpected emergency.The brand new virus might be only per month or two aged, but it's now a great deal more common than both SARS or MERS. To this point it seems to trigger much less critical illness than its sister viruses.Linking to a non-federal Web-site isn't going to constitute an endorsement by CDC or any of its workers of the sponsors or the knowledge and goods introduced on the website.Hong Kong confirmed two cases in the coronavirus and was ""tracing the potential Individuals who have experienced close connection with the individuals"".In line with a union wellbeing ministry official, no good case is detected in the state to date.CDC workers will likely choose vacationers' temperatures by using a handheld thermometer that doesn't contact the skin and Look ahead to signs of a cough or problems respiratory.For vacationers with out symptoms, the CDC is handing out health details playing cards with information around the symptoms they should hunt for up to two months following leaving China.A toddler who was among the 195 people today less than quarantine at a Southern California air base produced a fever and was hospitalized for testing and observation, local authorities claimed Tuesday. The child and also a father or mother of the child have been taken by ambulance Monday evening from March Air Reserve Foundation to Riverside College Wellness Method-Health-related Heart, Riverside County general public wellness officers explained in an announcement. They were being amongst the first group of U.S. citizens evacuated with a chartered flight from Wuhan, China, the epicenter from the coronavirus outbreak, and positioned less than a 14-day federal quarantine."
Thai Government Admits “Unable To Stop” Spread Of The Corona “Demon” Virus”. 	"At least one establishment government is finally admitting that the ruling class of the world is going to be unable to stop the spread of the coronavirus . While globalists desperately attempt to craft a vaccine and save the day, other rulers think it could be too late.
According to the Daily Mail, Thailand’s government admits it’s “unable to stop” the spread of the coronavirus. The virus has already proven deadly and could be spreading much more rapidly than mainstream media and establishment ruling classes are willing to admit. Health minister Anutin Charnvirakul said there are too many Chinese visitors to stop the virus from spreading.
At least 22,000 people from Wuhan are believed to have visited Thailand in January alone.
With 14 confirmed cases of the disease, Thailand is the worst-affected nation outside of China. According to the Daily Mail ‘s numbers, almost 4,600 people have caught the Wuhan coronavirus around the world so far, and 106 have died in China.
“Our target is we will be able to detect all carriers entering Thailand and we will apply necessary measures as the situation develops,” said Charnvirakul. “Of course, we expect more people to get sick but we are able to identify all of them.”
Countries all over the world are taking extraordinary steps to stop the coronavirus reaching their shores.
Hong Kong today said it would stop trains and ferries, Russia and Mongolia have closed land borders with China and airport screening is in place globally.
Thailand is screening all passengers from China at its airports and has planes on standby to retrieve an estimated 64 people who are stranded in the locked-down Hubei region. – Daily Mail
The coronavirus has been sickening people since December 31, 2019. Unfortunately, there have also been what are called “super-spreading” events in which one person can infect multiple others before they recover, speeding up the rate of transmission.
(HNewsWire) “Demon” Virus”Death Toll ,Great changes are soon to take place in our world, and the final movements will be rapid ones…
Summary: Death toll climbs to 170, 7,771 cases confirmed in China, 7,811 international; 170 cured Reporter claims local media has evidence Beijing lying about death toll British Airways cancels flights to China Trump says he spoke with Xi over the phone Angry mobs spotted in Sichuan CDC sending representatives to China
Update (1850ET): China’s NHC just released another update. Adding more than 600 to the total confirmed cases, China is now admitting to 7,771 cases across the country. The death toll has climbed to 170 (which includes one death outside China) and 170 patients have been cured – the same number as the dead. Some 31 cases were labeled “severe” and nearly 90,000 people have been “tracked” (interrogated about contacts and symptoms). Nearly 82,000 are under observation (aka quarantine).
Here’s a copy of the announcement from China’s National Health Office, translated into English via Google:
At 04:00 on January 29, 31 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities) and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps reported 1737 new confirmed cases (the first confirmed case in Tibet), 131 new severe cases, and 38 new deaths. (37 cases in Hubei and 1 in Sichuan), 21 new cases were cured and discharged, and 4148 suspected cases were added.
As of 24:00 on January 29, the National Health and Health Commission has received a cumulative report of 7711 confirmed cases, 31 cases of severe cases, 170 death cases, and a total of 170 patients who have been cured and discharged. There were 124 cases with 12,167 suspected cases.
At present, 88,693 close contacts have been tracked. Of the 2,364 people who were released from medical observation on the same day, a total of 81,947 people are receiving medical observation.
A total of 25 confirmed cases were reported in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan: 10 in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, 7 in the Macao Special Administrative Region, and 8 in Taiwan.
And the updated chart…
In other news, as economists worry about the blowback to China’s already slowing economy, Peter Navarro said late Wednesday that the Trump administration will keep its tariffs in place no matter what happens with the outbreak.
That’s probably why there have been so many rumors about the fraught relationship between Trump and Xi, and reports that Trump never actually spoke with the Chinese leader after claiming that they had discussed the outbreak.
Update (1720ET): The government in Hubei has announced another slate of cases and deaths. CHINA’S HUBEI REPORTS 37 ADDITIONAL DEATHS FROM CORONAVIRUS CHINA CORONAVIRUS DEATH TOLL RISES TO AT LEAST 169 CHINA’S HUBEI REPORTS 1,032 MORE CORONAVIRUS CASES FOR JAN. 29
Meanwhile, 26,632 people are still undergoing medical observation, and another 4,334 cases are still being treated in the hospital. The CDC has just confirmed that it’s sending representatives to China to help suppress the outbreak."
Corona isn’t SARS. That’s good and bad for Australia. 	"The global economy is in a much different place to 2002-03, when the SARS outbreak hit. But China's importance to the Australian economy is very different, too. 
There’s little agreement about the potential impacts of the coronavirus on global markets , but one thing many commentators agree on is that comparisons with the SARS outbreak of 2002-03 are fraught.
The argument goes that world, and the global economy, was in a very different place then .
The rise in cases of the coronavirus is spooking global markets. Getty
As RBC’s chief US economist Tom Porcelli said on Tuesday morning, the fact the Bush the Younger’s Iraq War was raging at the time makes comparisons next to useless.
The timelines are remarkably similar. President George W Bush signed the resolution authorising military force against Iraq October 16, 2002, exactly a month before the first case of what would come to be be called SARS was reported in Guangdong, China. The Iraq War then began in earnest on March 19, 2003, one week after the WHO issued a global alert for SARS.
“The point is: how can we possibly disentangle the market reaction to the build-up and start of the Iraq War from that of SARS? We can’t,” Porcelli says. Advertisement
Another big difference is the state of the bellwether US economy, which he argues was on the verge of a double-dip recession, with unemployment rising and consumer confidence shot. Compare that with today, when consumer confidence is near all-time highs and US jobless claims are near 65-year lows.
“The fundamental backdrop could not be more different,” Porcelli says.
That makes plenty of sense. But it’s worth remembering that is not just global economic conditions that have changed – China’s position in the world economy is also dramatically different.
And as explained by one of RBC’s European mining analysts, Tyler Broda, this could have some serious short-term implications for Australian markets.
Back in 2003, China consumed 35 per cent of the world’s iron ore, while today it is about 70 per cent. It’s an even more dramatic story in copper, where Chinese consumption has jumped from 20 per cent of the world’s supply to 50 per cent.
It was miners' that were hammered in early Tuesday trade on the ASX, which was down 121 points or 1.7 per cent as investors feared the coronavirus will damage the Chinese economy.
Broda’s view is that this makes the short-term impacts of coronavirus greater than those of the SARS outbreak.
“In our view, even a less virulent disease could create more impact than comparisons to 2003 and this appears to be what the copper and iron ore markets are telling us, down 7 per cent and 10 per cent respectively over the past five days.” Advertisement
One of Broda’s biggest concerns is what happens to the property sector, a key consumer of steel. With debt levels so high in the Chinese economy, there is a concern that a “shock to economic activity, which may already be occurring with authorities now delaying end to the Chinese New Year holiday, could cause a financial stress event that might be particularly troublesome for the levered property sector”.
The Chinese of course, know exactly how to respond to such potential shocks – prime the pump a bit more. Broda expects policymakers to pump money into infrastructure and property and boost liquidity to the economy, perhaps through emergency finance.
“This will likely further erode the longer-term outlook but could allow for the sector to have a sharp recovery.”
Broda stresses the mining sector is in rude health, with balance sheets strong, costs lows and cashflow in good shape. This should buttress the share prices of companies such as BHP and Rio Tinto, even if they look certain to face some short-term volatility.
There are so many moving pieces here – starting with the spread of the virus in and outside China, and just how much the economy there has really stopped – that predictions are almost impossible.
But given global markets have started the year so strongly after a bumper year, the conditions for a pull back – or even a correction – are arguably in place.
Volatility looks the only certainty for now. "
Dr. Haqqani: The 2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV). 	"While information about the 2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is still being gathered, plenty of facts about what it is, what it can do and ways to prevent it exist. First detected in Wuhan, China, Americans began being diagnosed with it in January. Indications are that it is being spread by human contact and travelers who were evacuated from China have been observed for symptoms in several U.S. cities. People have been tested for the virus in many states. The possibility of transmitting or contracting the disease highlights the importance of prevention. It should be noted that by the end of January, only five cases had been confirmed in the United States. The risk to the general public in the U.S. was still considered low. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) predicted, however, that reported cases may increase although it is impossible to know to what extent.
Facts about coronaviruses
A coronavirus gets its name from a spike-like formation on the virus cells. ""Novel"" indicates that it has not previously been seen. Usually originating in animals, especially certain mammals and birds, the virus can be spread to humans through contact with them. Through direct contact, sneezing and coughing, a coronavirus can be spread from one human to another. Examples of coronaviruses in recent times include SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) in 2003 and MERS (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome) in 2012. There have been no reported cases of SARS since 2004 but MERS continues to be a threat in some countries including the United States. While SARS, MERS and 2019-nCoV are all coronaviruses, they have distinct differences.
The current 2019-nCoV is also a respiratory illness. It was first thought to have spread through contact between humans and animals in China. Further findings indicate that it is also being spread through human contact, even if the infected human did not have any animal contact.
Symptoms
Symptoms of the 2019 Novel Coronavirus include fever, coughing and shortness of breath. Among confirmed cases, some symptoms were mild and others much more severe, even resulting in death.
CDC estimates that symptoms could appear in as little time as two days or as much time as 14 days after someone has been infected.
Prevention
By the end of January, no vaccine had been developed or determined effective to prevent someone from contracting 2019-nCoV. The recommended ways for individuals to reduce chances of becoming infected are the same that should be practiced to avoid catching and spreading the flu. These methods are especially timely since flu season is currently underway.
Since viruses are spread by human contact, avoiding such contact is recommended. Sick people should not touch others or get close to them. Another common-sense methods is to cover the nose and mouth when coughing or sneezing. Hand washing and cleanliness are other effective ways to help prevent viruses from spreading. Hands should be washed for at least twenty seconds with soap. If soap and water are not available, hand sanitizers with alcohol content of at least sixty percent are recommended.
Touching the nose and mouth increases the chances of the virus being spread. Avoiding doing so is recommended. Also, keeping home and work areas clean lessens the probability that germs will be spread. Disinfecting surfaces in these areas with strong cleaners will decrease chances for infection.
Since the number of confirmed cases of 2019-nCoV by January's end was low in the United States, the focus was still on those who had traveled to China or had contact with someone who had traveled to China. If someone in either group develops symptoms, that person should be tested.
To learn more about the 2019 Novel Coronavirus and ways to prevent it, log on to vascularhealthclinics.org and visit the Infectious Disease Institute.
Ask Dr. Haqqani
If you have questions about your cardiovascular health, including heart, blood pressure, stroke lifestyle and other issues, we want to answer them. Please submit your questions to Dr. Haqqani by e-mail at questions@vascularhealthclinics.org.
Dr. Omar P. Haqqani is the chief of Vascular and Endovascular Surgery at Vascular Health Clinics in Midland"
Asians Far More Susceptible to Corona Virus than Other Races, More Likely to Die, Just Like SARS – REPORT. 	"At the time of writing, 170 people have died of the Wuhan Coronavirus [ Coronavirus Live Updates: Death Toll Rises, as Foreigners are Evacuated , New York Times, January 30, 2020], though that number is bound to have increased by the time this article is published. All of these deaths have been in China. The disease has spread to at least 16 other countries, including Canada , the USA , France, Germany, Finland, Australia, India, Sri Lanka, the United Arab Emirates, and a number of East Asian countries [ This is where Wuhan coronavirus cases have been confirmed worldwide , by Eric Cheung, CNN, January 30, 2020].
The Main Stream Media, in Western countries, is stoking panic with rolling news coverage on the spread of the possibly Apocalyptic new plague [ Corona Virus Outbreak , by Matthew Weaver et al., The Guardian, January 30, 2020]. But what nobody is openly reporting: the race of the victims. They appear to be all Asians—specifically, the yellow race formerly known ( accurately but now Politically Incorrectly ) as “ Oriental .”
Thus two Coronavirus cases were just confirmed in the U.K. [ Coronavirus: UK patient is University of York student , BBC,com, February 1, 2020], But if you read the article, both turn out to be “Chinese nationals.” Similarly a recent headline of The Helsinki Times read “ First case of Wuhan Corona virus confirmed in Finland , ” [January 29, 2020]. But it turns out to be a Chinese tourist in Lapland, not a Finn.
In fact, as far as I can tell, all of the confirmed cases have been of Chinese people. According to Sri Lankan radio, the case in Sri Lanka was a “Chinese tourist” [ Sri Lanka suspends visa on arrival for Chinese travellers after confirmed case of Corona virus , News On Air, January 28, 2020]. So are the cases in France and the one in the United Arab Emirates [ Coronavirus is spreading as FIVE people in France are now confirmed to have the illness and Chinese traveller from Wuhan is quarantined in Finland , by Sam Blanchard, Mail Online, January 29, 2020].
If it is true that only East Asians are dying of, or even catching, Corona, that would be consistent with long-established race differences in the susceptibility to such viruses. This has been explored in a fascinating study, by a group of Chinese researchers led by C. L. Chen of Soochow University, entitled: Ethnic differences in susceptibilities to A(H1N1) flu [ African Journal of Biotechnology, 2009].
The authors begin by noting that, from an evolutionary perspective, there is every reason to expect there to be ethnic or race differences in the susceptibility to different pathogens. Races—or, as they call them, “ethnic groups”—are breeding populations, long-separated, usually by geography, who are, therefore, genetic clusters adapted to different ecologies. Because they were exposed to different pathogens in prehistory, there are very likely to be race differences in susceptibility to the pathogens and in how well the immune system can fight them.
Many infectious diseases jumped the species barrier from animals to humans due to our close contact with animals while pursuing agriculture. For this reason, groups that never innovated agriculture, or who only innovated it in a limited form or only relatively recently took it up, can be decimated by flu-like viruses.
Thus the authors observe that the Spanish Flu Pandemic of 1918 was three to 70 times more deadly to “ natives ” in Canada and the USA, as well as to the reindeer herding Saami people in Sweden and Norway, than it was to the rest of these countries’ populations. This is because most white and black people are descended from those who have long practiced farming. The authors add that the Swine Flu Pandemic of 2009 was five times more deadly to Maori people than it was to other New Zealanders.
The Corona Virus is closely related to SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome) [ Coronavirus vs. SARS: Health experts on the key differences between the two outbreaks , by Sam Meredith, CNBC, January 28, 2020], of which there was a major outbreak in 2003 , which also began in China in 2002.
According to Wikipedia (which is, presumably, politically neutral on such numbers), total of 774 people died across 29 countries. This amounted to almost 10% of those who caught it. Potentially in line with the findings of the Chinese researchers, the mortality rate for SARS in Europe was almost nil. Minuscule numbers of people caught it and only one of them died, in France (where there were an, atypically high, 7 cases).
By contrast, in Hong Kong the mortality rate from SARS was 17%. In Taiwan, it was 10%. In Canada, it was 17%, but it seems pretty obvious that they were all “ Chinese Canadians ,” what with there being so many Chinese people in Canada and documented attempts made to “help” them (specifically) deal with the virus [see Beyond SARS: ethnic community organization’s role in public health —a Toronto experience, By W. Dong, Promotion and Education, 2008].
In Singapore, 13% of those who caught SARS died out of 238 cases. Other countries had very small numbers of cases or, as with Vietnam, their medical access would have been sub-optimal, rendering it difficult to make comparisons.
But essentially it can be said the SARS was an East Asian disease which, like Corona, can be traced to bats. SARS didn’t severely impact the rest of the world, despite people definitely catching it. It disproportionally killed East Asians. See SARS: The Immigration Dimension II , by Walter Pringle , VDARE.com, April 24, 2003.
This effect was so pronounced that, Wkipedia reports , “Many Chinese believed that the SARS virus could be a biological weapon manufactured by the United States, which perceived China as a potential threat.” (Ironically, the financial website ZeroHedge has just been banned by Twitter for reporting speculation that the Corona virus was developed during Chinese research into bioweapons—a ban that ZeroHedge attributes in a scathing post to U.S. capitalists’ notorious desire to appease China).
The difference between the two strains: the Corona virus, according to experts, is nothing like as deadly as SARS. Its mortality rate appears to be about 2% . It ‘s mainly taking people with serious pre-existing health conditions [ Coronavirus vs. SARS: Health experts on the key differences between the two outbreaks , by Sam Meredith, CNBC, January 28, 2020].
So if I wanted to tempt fate, then I’d write the following:
The Corona virus is a virus that, for whatever reason, East Asians are susceptible to but other races are not, just like SARS. None of our people are going to succumb to this condition. The MSM’s constant hyping is just a way of making people panic, because people are more susceptible to being indoctrinated when they panic.
By not reporting the race of those who have caught this disease in Europe, unnecessary panic is being fomented among Europeans…so that they can be more easily inculcated with the message than “race differences don’t exist, because race is a social construct.”
But race differences do exist. Race is a biological reality. And these kinds of viruses help to prove that."
2019-nCoV Bioweapon Black Swan?. 	"The basic structure of the latest coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is the same as that of SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome), which broke out in China in 2003. Like the SARS virus, 2019-nCoV has been found to share the , Angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2).
What has led some to suspect that these two viruses has been deliberately weaponized is a finding that Asian males have five times as many ACE2-expressing cells in their lungs as any other demographic. This line of inquiry is being on public chatboards for being “discriminatory”, which is absurd.
This echoes complaints by Chinese authorities of “racist” and “xenophobic” comments (like “bat soup”). They’re calling for a shutdown of online discussion on the topic, for fear of causing “mass-panic”. Their appears to be succeeding at the task.
Another feature of 2019-nCoV that has raised suspicions of weaponization was described in from India submitted for peer review, that the same amino acid “insertions” in the spike glycoprotein (S) as seen in the HIV-1 virus were present in 2019-nCoV but are not present in other coronaviruses.
The study stated that these “insertions” are “unlikely to be fortuitous in nature”. The paper was hastily withdrawn by its authors, due to pressure, likely from the Chinese government.
In AIDS patients, these spike glycoproteins drop off the virus and plug into receptors on the intestinal wall, blocking the absorption of nutrients and causing the dramatic physical wasting that is a hallmark of AIDS.
Bioweapons expert, Dr. Francis Boyle is shown in this video saying, “SARS, itself is already a biological warfare weapon and then they… supercharged it…with DNA, genetic engineering of maybe synthetic biology to add in to SARS, HIV…that our Indian study and the flu virus and then they gave it these gain-of-function activities.”
The videos coming out of China are harrowing. People are being violently dragged away from their homes, to be taken to quarantine facilities. Alternately, the doors to apartment complexes are being welded shut, to prevent residents from exiting the buildings and spreading the disease.
Philippine Senate President, Tito Sotto showed a video suggesting that 2019-nCoV was a product of Bill Gates and the CIA. Many truthers have published similar stories; that the Pirbright Institute in the UK owns the 2019-nCoV patent and that Bill Gates is involved.
In response, a spokesperson for Pirbright, Teresa Maughan said that “not only does the patent in question not involve a coronavirus strain that affects humans, but the institute’s work with the virus wasn’t funded by the Gates Foundation.”
The Pirbright Institute owns the patents for several coronaviruses that affect poultry and pigs. The CDC owns the patent for SARS, having sequenced the genome in 2003, at the time of the outbreak.
On January 24th, the Institut Pasteur in France announced that it had sequenced the genome of 2019-nCoV, which matched the one shared with them by Chinese authorities on January 11th. Presumably, it will be patented by the Chinese. "
LaTribuna Christian Publishing Reports on How to Protect Ourselves and Our Loved Ones from the Corona-Virus. 	"Chaplain Paul Vescio has served as a Community Chaplain in healthcare for over ten years now and has written an e-book entitled, ""How To Protect Our Families in American Health Care.""Chaplain Paul Vescio CEO of LaTribuna Christian Publishing is quoted saying, “The flu and the Corona-Virus is yet another wake up call in a long string of very harmful viruses. The question is, how to better protect our selves and our loved ones from possible infection? The answer or I should say part of the solution is in washing hands often, The CDC recommends washing hands often in order to reduce the risk of infection. Think about how many things we touch in a single day. The gas pump and the credit card machines, the elevator buttons, all of the buttons at the self checkout at the grocery store. The grocery cart, door handles, faucets, our cell phones, computer keys, handles, money, we touch and handle things in the store all the time. The list goes on and on and we don't even think about the fact that infection is easily spread this way.”Chaplain Paul was also quoted saying, “If you or someone in your family is dealing with the flu then it wouldn't hurt to have that person wear a surgical mask and gloves. This helps to reduce the spread of infection in hospitals. If you or some one in your family works in a nursing home or hospital setting then have them remove their shoes when they return home. Use bleach wipes to disinfect shoes. Wipe down all can goods, bottles and containers before bringing them into your home.”Chaplain Paul continues, “Wash you hands, wash your hands, wash your hands often, as a Community Chaplain I see all to often how easy infection spreads in a hospital setting. Remember try not to cough or sneeze into your hands, stay home if you are sick. Do not visit anyone in a hospital or nursing home setting if you are sick or even have a cold. Above all pray for God's guidance, protection and love in these matters and remember what proverbs 3:5-6 teaches, Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding in all your ways acknowledge Him and He shall direct your paths...Amen.”LaTribuna Christian Publishing supports educating the public on how infection spreads and how we as a nation can best prevent the spreading of infection. "
"""Australia the first to re-create the corona-virus outside China"". "	"You’re probably right, M… but so many of these ‘epidemics’ actually do start out in labs. If what was wanted was social disruption, rather than mass fatalities, I’d say they succeeded very well… but as you say, I really think it’s origin is natural. (But I wouldn’t mind betting it WILL be weaponized! Sooner or later! The two-week symptom-free period seems to me to be far too useful to any would-be biological war-monger not to take advantage of it… suppose they splice it with something far more deadly?)
I’ve heard that the USA and the UK actually have stores of this virus, and that the USA already has an effective anti-virus. Don’t know whether or not it’s true. It may be wishful thinking…
Tbh, I regretted posting this article as soon as I’d posted it and tried to erase it, but couldn’t. I posted it as a ‘knee-jerk’ reaction to the title and should have known better. If some moderator or site administrator can delete it, I’d be grateful.
As soon as I’d posted it I realized that, of course we’d need to culture it in a lab in order to attempt to produce an anti-virus… but taking a sample from an affected patient and ‘re-creating’ the virus in the lab seemed to me to be two entirely different things, and though the first is what was actually done, the second was what was being put forward as what was done. I still have a problem with the poor phraseology of the title.
I’m also a bit suspicious about the amount of fuss that’s being made about a virus with such a relatively low fatality-rate. I can’t help but think that it is being used as some kind of Trojan horse by the Chinese government… and if they’re using it that way, I’m quite sure other governments will follow their example and use (or, rather, ‘abuse’) it similarly. The message we keep getting from our ‘brave and fearless leaders’ in this wonderful 21st century is, “Be afraid! Be VERY afraid!” because we are so much easier to control when we are fearful. So nowadays I tend to be suspicious of anything which sounds remotely like that message… Can you really blame me?
Anyway, I hope they do come up with an anti-virus very soon, and that this virus disappears very soon after that.
Just as an aside, what kind of lunatic would actually eat ‘bat-soup’? Have you heard how it’s made? The recipe goes, “Take one live bat and dunk it in a pot of boiling water…” Doesn’t sound very tasty to me! But the Chinese, it seems, will eat just about anything!
Please keep this recipe advice away from Granny! I’d hate it if she added it to the Pigs’ Arms menu! 😉"
US developing vaccine against 2019-nCoV: officials. 	"The United States said Tuesday it was developing a vaccine against a deadly virus that originated in China, and urged Beijing to step up its cooperation with international health authorities.
The US government is keen to place its own teams on the ground to review the raw data and learn more about the pathogen, which has so far claimed more than 100 lives.
""We have already started at the NIH and with many of our collaborators on the developing of a vaccine,"" National Institutes of Health (NIH) official Anthony Fauci told reporters.
The process would take three months to start the first trial, three more months to gather data, before being able to move into its second phase, and is being undertaken by the biotech firm Moderna.
""But we are proceeding as if we will have to deploy a vaccine,"" said Fauci.
""In other words, we're looking at the worst scenario that this becomes a bigger outbreak.""
China was severely criticized for its handling of the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) epidemic of 2002-03, which claimed hundreds of lives, mostly on the mainland and in Hong Kong.
During that health emergency, scientists had begun to develop a vaccine, but it was never deployed, Fauci said.
Separately, the chief scientific officer of Johnson & Johnson told AFP that his company was also developing a vaccine.
""We will utilize the same technology that was used in the development and manufacture of Johnson & Johnson's Ebola vaccine which is currently deployed in DRC and Rwanda,"" said Paul Stofells. It is ""the same technology was also used to construct our Zika and HIV vaccine candidates.""
US Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar said the United States has offered China assistance three times in dealing with the crisis -- so far without success.
This would be necessary so that ""we can see raw data, raw evidence and help design the types of studies and analytics"" to answer critical questions such as incubation period and whether the infection can be transmitted while patients don't have symptoms.
""We are urging China -- more cooperation and transparency are the most important steps you can take toward a more effective response,"" Azar told reporters.
But the World Health Organization announced later Tuesday that China had agreed to allow a team of international experts into the country to work with their Chinese counterparts.
China was quick to sequence the genome of the 2019 novel Coronavirus and make it public, allowing scientists around the world to develop diagnostic tools and winning praise for its efforts, in contrast to the SARS outbreak."
"The Corona Virus Hysteria; Latest Summary Of What Is Happening In Regards To This ""Epidemic"". "	"I continue to be bashed by those who say I am ""fucking nuts"" in not looking at this Corona Virus ""hysteria"" and screaming that the ""sky is falling"".... I am a logical researcher, and I have already presented at this blog some very interesting facts about this ""virus"" and the outbreak that indeed that started in Wuhan, China... Yes, there have now been several hundred victims of this outbreak and there are thousands more that are indeed infected... But again, this is still NOT a ""pandemic"" in comparison to the annual Influenza outbreak that kills thousands... I will not fall for hysteria and will continue to present facts and not fiction about this disease here..
In fact, I do want to thank Jim Stone over at www.jimstone.is, for continuing to keep abreast of this most interesting situation and showing some real truths about this virus itself.... In fact, I do want to present Jim's most recent update on this Coronavirus hysteria, right here for all to see for themselves:
Wuhan virus as a vaccine gone wrong NOT PROVEN
I think it is a little risky with the facts when major alt media sites hop on the latest ""cool story"" just to bash vaccines. Forums went nuts with it, celebrating how it proved we can't trust vaccines. But there is a problem with this: We can solidly prove it's man made, and solidly prove simulations were run by the elite to use it to wipe out mankind, which means we can solidly prove it was a bioweapon they knew about and made happen. There's no proof at all it was a vaccine gone wrong and to go down that road comes off like an off the hook fish flopping around in the boat. I would like to urge alt media to stay on topic and when you have a proven damaging info to bash and bring down the elite with, USE IT, don't put a nose ring on it or dig for the next sensationalist take on the topic that will generate clicks for a day but weaken everything overall.
FACT: They just tried to kill millions. We have the proven virus code right here on this site, unedited, original copy that got wiped out with threats to the scientists who posted it, available for anyone else to post. We have proof they ran a simulation to use THIS EXACT VIRUS, that they claim they mapped out differently in their simulation so no, it was not them. That's like saying that we should believe they were not the ones behind a shooting because they practiced with a .308 and actually used a shotgun. That is literally it folks, they have never been so busted, EVER, and now we know damn well what they are up to. The Georgia guide stones are indeed for real and Gates should be hanging, RIGHT. NOW.
Newsletter 10
Summary: Despite low lethality caused by a programming error that led to a mutation, the Wuhan virus is still very dangerous because it can probably mutate back. Plus, the two best gas masks for this.
This ""coronavirus"" outbreak is probably serious, despite a low death toll Event timeline:
The very first event that is related to this topic that is known about is a 2010 paper done by the biolab in Wuhan, which discusses attaching HIV genes to a bat coronavirus to make it implant in humans. Whether or not this paper is legit is up to question, it may have been staged to get Bill Gates off the hook. You can't trust anything these days, when deception is embedded in practically everything. It also must be noted that this type of virus was noted in PNAC and has been worked on by Israel for over 20 years now and the fact it is race specific is damning. And why would the Chinese make a virus that targets Chinese people more than 5 times as strongly as it does white people? Therefore I am skeptical the Chinese really did this.
The second event that is known about is when Bill and Melinda gates modeled a Coronavirus outbreak. ALL LINKS TO ALL PAGES ON THIS TOPIC NOW LINK TO DEAD ENDS but I managed to at least track down where they took all pages and replaced them with a single statement. At the Center for Health Security, everything has been replaced with this:
""Statement about nCoV and our pandemic exerciseIn October 2019, the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security hosted a pandemic tabletop exercise called Event 201 with partners, the World Economic Forum and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Recently, the Center for Health Security has received questions about whether that pandemic exercise predicted the current novel coronavirus outbreak in China. To be clear, the Center for Health Security and partners did not make a prediction during our tabletop exercise. For the scenario, we modeled a fictional coronavirus pandemic, but we explicitly stated that it was not a prediction. Instead, the exercise served to highlight preparedness and response challenges that would likely arise in a very severe pandemic. We are not now predicting that the nCoV-2019 outbreak will kill 65 million people. Although our tabletop exercise included a mock novel coronavirus, the inputs we used for modeling the potential impact of that fictional virus are not similar to nCoV-2019.
Let me translate that pathetic white wash: ""Yes, as stated by alt media, we did indeed run a pandemic scenario where millions died from Coronavirus, but don't worry, the one that is spreading now has a different gene sequence than the one we posted. We never said we'd do it, but to cover our tracks we deleted EVERY DAMN THING BUT THIS STATEMENT, PLUS mysteriously vanished reports by others on this topic, including our own.""
Obviously, the gene sequence could not be the one that would actually be used or they'd be BUSTED. Obviously they would not openly state they planned to do it. And when they had ensured they had the ""no win scenario"" mapped out right, a month later POOF, THERE IT WAS.
China freaked out over it, they knew early on what was going on. They discovered AIDS drugs worked to treat it, and subsequently that the Elisa test, (most commonly used for quick testing for AIDS) worked on this virus.
Then, Indian scientists discovered that the virus had AIDS genes inserted in it. Since this posting, they censored this. I tested my links and the document is still there, but Bioxriv broke the links. Before Bioxriv attempted to get rid of this document, I had already saved it but did not serve it from here because it's big and potentially very popular. HERE IT IS: Uncanny similarity of unique inserts in the 2019-nCoV spike protein to HIV-1 gp120 and Gag
Here is a key quote from this study:
"" We found 4 insertions in the spike glycoprotein (S) which are unique to the 2019-nCoV and are not present in other coronaviruses. Importantly, amino acid residues in all the 4 inserts have identity or similarity to those in the HIV- 1 gp120 or HIV-1 Gag. Interestingly, despite the inserts being discontinuous on the primary amino acid sequence, 3D-modelling of the 2019-nCoV suggests that they converge to constitute the receptor binding site. The finding of 4 unique inserts in the 2019-nCoV, all of which have identity /similarity to amino acid residues in key structural proteins of HIV-1 is unlikely to be fortuitous in nature. ""
So what we have here is a man made bio-weapon.
It is not extremely surprising that Indian scientists blew the lid off this because anyone who discovered this in the U.S. would be killed before they uttered word 1, and you can damn well bet that a majority of the people in a position to discover this in the U.S. were involved in it.
So here is what we have with this virus, that cannot be denied:1. If the report has not been falsified, China created a coronavirus with Aids gene inserts in 2010.
2. In October 2019, Bill Gates, along with a couple of his shell organizations ran a horrific no-win pandemic scenario with a coronavirus and even released the gene maps of their hypothetical virus as part of this exercise, it was not a small deal and soon after, China had it's outbreak.
3. Bill Gates has repeatedly stated he wants world population reduced, and has repeatedly cooperated with the WHO to sterilize third world women via ""vaccination"" and in the West, that is likely what the Gardasil shot is for.
4. It was discovered in mid January by China that AIDS treatments worked to curtail this virus, Mexican media reported that the Elisa test that works for AIDS also worked to confirm infections of the Wuhan virus.
5. AFTER being busted for running a massive Coronavirus outbreak modeling exercise, where millions died, sites that reported it had their links broken and were probably back doored to delete the original reports as well, and the organizations that did it took everything related to it off the internet and replaced it with a short generic statement saying ""we did not do this coronavirus outbreak"". PROBLEM: If that was the case, why were the details involving this exercise expunged?
6. India discovered that the virus was man made and had AIDS inserts.
7. After this, trolls hit the web en masse stating that the Indian scientists never said the inserts were Aids inserts and never stated they were an exact match, when in reality they said there were 4 separate aids genes embedded randomly within the virus that somehow created receptor sites on the virus that were identical to AIDS, which was a surprise due to their random placement. They also specifically stated that this was not likely to happen naturally.Now the original scientific paper that was very well done and had all the exact coding sequences as part of it has been taken off the web and will not be allowed to post again until the scientists apologize and change their story.
Here is what I think this all adds up to:China may have made this bioweapon, but Bill Gates&co made it happen. China probably had it sitting in their lab and an outsider or someone who was paid off got in and intentionally released it. That's what makes the most sense. The virus is not stable, (like lots of stuff ""made in China"") and has, for now, mutated down to a form that is less than 2 percent lethal at this point, but originally it was a serious killer and what's going to happen if it mutates back to b eing so?
NTS Notes: I may have my differences with Jim, especially when he continues to promote Donald Drumpf as some kind of ""savior"" for America.... BUT in spite of those differences of opinion, he does cover a lot of REAL information and was one of the first to show that this virus is (a) race specific, and (b) contains HIV proteins, thus making the virus most definitely a MAN MADE concoction!
It does sadden me though that so many in the alternative media, including Jeff Rense, continue to push the readers into mass hysteria and thinking that this will be the ""end of the world"" The facts are that the criminals that did release this virus blew it big time for if they wanted to create a world wide pandemic using this particular strain of ""Coronavirus"", they did, as Jim even states, blow it big time!
And, I do want to mention that when I found out that some Americans are actually thinking that this ""Coronavirus"" to Mexican Corona Beer, I had to do a 500MPH face palm and I quickly realized that most of the general public is indeed kept in the dark as to the truth about this Coronavirus, and thus as the Jew spew media continues to promote the ""sky is falling"" scenario, most have indeed fallen for it big time Yes, most people are truly that gullible!
I also found it so diabolical that none other than that criminal, Bill Gates, and his evil associates may have been the ones who started this biolab ""re-engineering"" of this virus in the first place... That criminal bastard has always been one who definitely wants to see the world's population reduced by all means necessary and may have indeed financed the work to have this virus turned into a time bomb that could have indeed killed millions!
I absolutely will continue to present real facts and data about this ""virus"" if and when new information does come forward... Stay tuned, for the hysteria will not end any time soon!
More to come
"
The corona virus in nj Diaries. 	"The new pressure of coronavirus, which emerged during the central Chinese town of Wuhan final month, has killed not less than twenty five folks, brought about illness in a lot more than 800 and triggered town of 11million being in lockdown.Scientists have also discovered other existing prescription drugs that focus on this functionality, and a number of other Global investigation teams are focusing on a vaccine.Hello binoid. It looks like your remark to r/worldnews was removed because you've been using a website link shortener. Resulting from challenges with spam and malware we don't allow shortened inbound links on this subreddit.When wellness officials say the risk for Canadians nonetheless continues to be minimal, safeguards are being taken at quite a few Canadian airports likewise.Tracing the evolution with the virus, the workforce of gurus found it belonged to betacoronavirus, making it structurally just like SARS.“We’re perhaps taking a look at a virus that’s gonna be with us to get a long time, probably permanently,” says Mackay.Bayonne Mayor Jimmy Davis confirmed that all over 24 travellers had been analyzed, with four getting despatched to hospitals for additional screening.Planes coming from and likely to mainland China will depart and get there at remote parking stands as Hong Kong’s airport adopts stricter quarantine steps to comprise the outbreak, the South China Morning Write-up documented, citing unidentified people.Phillip Schofield opened up about dropping bodyweight mainly because of the strain of holding his sexuality a top secret and claimed he is now skinnier than when he was in Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat'We keep on to operate in close consultation Along with the CDC, the WHO, and here native wellness authorities to align with their steering and ensure the health and wellbeing of our visitors and crew,"" Royal Caribbean mentioned in a press release. New Jersey continues to work carefully Using the CDC and native click here health partners to monitor your situation and will give updates accordingly.Most mutations are harmful on the virus or have no influence, he claims. website A 2018 study2 of SARS in primate cells uncovered that a mutation the virus sustained over the 2003 outbreak possibly diminished its virulence.The report, posted inside the Journal of your American Professional medical Association, looked at 138 sufferers within the Zhongnan Clinic of Wuhan University who had the coronavirus and developed pneumonia, which can be a sign that the infection has developed extra serious.There had been five verified website cases with the coronavirus in America, all associated with journey to China. But just several hours before the WHO declared the PHEIC, the CDC declared that amongst those people — a woman in Illinois — had passed the virus on more info to her husband."
Corona Virus Prevention: Learn what is the deadly corona virus and how to prevent it?. 	Nowadays only the deadly corona virus is being discussed from China to India. The virus is spreading rapidly in Asia. Many people have come in the grip of it in China, while there are increasing concerns about it in India. Because of this, the Government of India has instructed the international tourists coming from China at Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata airports to check through thermal scanners as a precaution. With this, advisories have been issued for passengers going to and from China. Know here what is the novel corona virus and how it can be avoided. What is corona virus The virus spreads from animals to humans. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), the virus is linked to seafood and is believed to have originated from a seafood market in Wuhan city of Huawei province, China. Corona virus belongs to the family of viruses and people are getting sick from it. The virus is also entering many animals, including camels, cats and bats. The WHO has also expressed apprehension that the virus can spread from one person to another. Where did the virus start spreading The virus first started spreading from Wuhan city of China and after that patients suffering from it are also found in Thailand, Singapore, Japan. Recently in England, there has been information about a family in the grip of this virus. Corona virus protection This virus has first started spreading from China, so avoid life in China or nearby countries. Because the border of India and China is one, you can adopt these methods to avoid this virus: 1. Wash your hands thoroughly with soap. If there is no soap, use a sanitizer. 2. Keep your nose and mouth covered. 3. Stay away from sick people. Do not use their utensils and do not even touch them. This will keep both the patient and you safe. 4. Keep the house clean and also clean the things coming from outside and bring it into the house. 5. Avoid eating non-veg, especially seafood, as the corona spreads from viral seafood. 
Can the Corona Virus of Dogs and Cats Spread to People?. 	"Q: “With all the concerns regarding the corona virus, I know that dogs and cats can get the corona virus. Can people get sick from these corona viruses from our pets?” J.S., Kansas City, MO.
A: That’s a great question, let’s begin here. A vaccine is available to prevent canine coronavirus infection in the first place. This vaccine may be included in combination vaccines that also protects dogs from the typically more serious canine distemper virus (CDV), canine parvovirus (CPV-2), and canine adenovirus type 2 (CAV-2). In cats, the corona virus itself is so benign that typically people see no symptoms, and if they do, typically it’s minor gastro-intestinal upset which goes away in a day or so without treatment.
One of the world’s experts on this topic is Dr. Niels Pedersen, legendary professor emeritus University of California, Davis School of Veterinary Medicine. He says, “The simple answer is that feline and canine coronaviruses do not infect humans and vice versa. Humans have their own genetically distinct types of coronaviruses. However, cross species transfer does occur, but only after significant mutation and over many years, centuries and millennia. Therefore, it is possible that a coronavirus originating in a cat or dog could mutate and enter humans and cause disease in the future. if it does, it will become a human virus and no longer a cat or dog virus.
“The more complex answer goes like this: Coronaviruses have adapted themselves by mutation over a period of 50,000 years or more to virtually every species of animal, including humans. They only cause disease in their new species and tend to remain in that species in whatever genetic form that allowed adapt to their new hosts. The various coronaviruses have been sequenced and their relationship to each other determined. The common cold-causing coronaviruses of humans (OC43, 229E and NL63) are in the alphacoronavirus group, along with the coronavirus of cats (and dogs).
“The more recently humanized strains of coronavirus, MERS, SARS and Wuhan, have jumped over from the Betacoronaviruses of bats, possibly by intermediate infection of other animals such as camels and civet cats. There is absolutely no evidence that viruses with strong genetic relationship to the coronaviruses of cats and dogs transmit back and forth between animal and human. However, the tendency for coronaviruses to jump species is an ongoing and future problem and a dog or cat coronavirus may enter humans and cause disease sometime in the future, but if it does, it will no longer be a cat or dog virus, but rather a new human virus. “"
Surviving Corona Virus. 	"Are you asking yourself “what type of filter do I need to survive Corona virus?” well, you are in luck you came across this humble blog. “What kind of mask works for corona virus?”
So, like your typical fake news/lamestream media, they are behind everything worth knowing. Notice with SARS/EBOLA etc it was endless fear mongering, and when Corona first came out it was big time, now we barely hear anything about it, yet china locks down 50 mil?
At this point of the post, the numbers sit ‘officially’ at 55~ million locked down, 2-3000 confirmed infected and 100 dead. But here is a official china video, skip to 12:40 where they say the number is 10,000.
So, this could be the real deal. I saw in two different stores today when I was buying masks that they were sold out, so it is going to be hard to get filters/masks so act quick.
Mask:
Get a n95 minimum, these can filter .3 microns, SARS was .1 but there was still some resistance as it would block coughs/spit etc. Ideally try to get a n100 or p100 mask. These can handle .1 micron, often they are called ‘paint respirators’ or sanding respirators. This will be pretty good.
Get gloves, Nitrile work fairly well.
Get at least 1 month of food. Water as well, 1 gallon a day, so try to get 30 gallons saved.
Here is another big thing, WASH YOUR FUCKING HANDS ALL THE TIME. You get infected by mouth,eyes, nose. Prevent it from getting into these three and you are likely to be safe. As soon as you get home, wash your clothes, hope into shower and wash your hands.
I can say more if people need more help, this will get your started. Try to survive so we can rebuild. Share this:"
The Fact About corona virus bats That No One Is Suggesting. 	"""That doesn't mean that it will not get worse. But for sure We've a window of opportunity to act... Let's not pass up this window of chance.""In the case of travelers who show up Unwell, the CDC will Consider them additional to find out whether the passenger needs to be taken to the hospital for even further treatment. Nevertheless, the very first two U.S. cases, in Seattle and Chicago, concerned travelers who didn't display symptoms for the airport.Dr. Scott Lindquist, Washington state epidemiologist for communicable illness, speaks during a press convention about the very first verified U.S. circumstance of the virus referred to as the 2019 novel coronavirus at the condition General public Health Laboratories on Jan.Screening for the virus: The exam for coronavirus usually takes six hrs in a CDC lab. A UCSF specialist is Performing to change that.Screenings consist of symptom and temperature checks. Barbot claimed that anybody who features a favourable screening can be tested for other viruses to rule them out to start with. There’s at the moment no method to vaccinate against the virus or possibly a definitive cure.Hong Kong's Clinic Authority said it had been chopping back providers since ""numerous workers members are absent from duty"" and ""unexpected emergency products and services in community hospitals are impacted.""A day after the Well being Division introduced that a individual at Bellevue Healthcare facility in Manhattan experienced tested negative for your novel coronavirus, officers stated they are still awaiting the take a look at effects of two people in Flushing hospitals.The president weighed in on the coronavirus Monday just as markets tumbled globally, which include a fall in U.S. stocks that erased this month’s gains.5, 2020. Britain on Tuesday urged all of its citizens in China to leave the country due to outbreak of the respiratory ailment from a new virus, whilst Belgium grew coronavirus long island to become the most recent country to announce a confirmed situation. Jon Tremendous, APOur indication-up webpage is undergoing servicing and isn't now available. Nonetheless, you will end up given direct usage of news12.com though we full our improve.A community employee checks the temperature of courier in an Specific station on Jan. 29, 2020 in Hubei Province, Wuhan, China. As a consequence of a transit shut down and insufficient provides, couriers have grew to become the town's suppliers.This virus has been infecting people today since December of 2019 and they are last but not least receiving busted for not permitting any one understand about it – they wanted to maintain it a magic formula also Elmhurst Typical Medical center features a affected person with it much too —The most recent situation is usually a man in Wisconsin who not too long ago returned from Beijing, the place he came in connection with a coronavirus affected individual.The Chinese metropolis of Wuhan, the Main of a different coronavirus outbreak, will establish a focused medical center to treat clients, which it aims to finish in six times, point out media outlet Beijing News documented. It cited an unnamed source at the development firm which will Construct it."
Corona Virus Outbreak: A New Chapter for Democracy in China?. 	"Will pro-democracy sentiments spread to mainland China due to inaction and censorship after the corona virus outbreak? President Xi Jinping’s no-show throughout the outbreak of the novel coronavirus is not entirely unorthodox. The absence of most elite government is a measure taken in maintaining an image of legitimacy and power; any display of outward sympathy would render them vulnerable to the populace’s blaming. In an authoritarian state, any display of weakness or sympathy will lead to the loss of public legitimacy, therefore Xi’s behavior is not at all surprising.
The lack of substantial reaction by the governing elite, however, and the party’s censoring of information on the virus, are further blows towards the population’s trust towards the Communist Party . China has significantly changed since the golden age of authoritarian rule. often associated with the 27 year rule of strongman Mao Zedong.
Xi’s ambition of making China a superpower is nothing short from mutual exclusiveness with any hopes of Chinese democratization. In fact, the blend of socialism and capitalism introduced during Deng Xiaoping’s leadership is thought to be essential for a superpower status to be achieved . President Xi, in this situation, displays an inaction that is eerily familiar. 60 years before, Mao lightly remarked that he was willing to let half of the population perish due to allow the other half to survive. These were said during the height of the disastrous Great Leap Forward as a justification for the deaths in the resulting famine. In attempt to transform China to a modern, industrialized economy he was willing to sideline the people’s wellbeing.
In an uncanny resemblance to the past, Xi’s ambition for global domination prevents democracy and transparency. During the early days of the viral outbreak, the now-deceased Dr. Li Wenliang, who passed away after being infected when treating patients, was forced to falsely confess on spreading false information. He was only released after signing a statement claiming he had spread rumors . The authorities’ treatment of Li is indifferent to those who dared to report truth on the failures of the Great Leap Forward and the resulting famine. Peng Dehuai, former minister of defense, was one of the many officials purged for refusing to present fake figures to show the campaign’s supposed success. Is speaking up the truth a crime? Could this be sign of China’s return to Maoist authoritarian rule?
Changes within the country in the recent years indicate a possible return to a hardline form of communism . Censorship of social media is tightened; Marxism has gained a revived interest in Chinese Universities. President Xi himself had personally urged loyalty to the party and himself ; having visited headquarters of main agencies to personally present the appeal.
These may not be as severe as the emphasis of class background in Mao’s China, yet these, in addition to the increasing persecution of religions and beliefs, indicate that such prospect is not impossible. A pro-democracy movement inspired by the breakup of the Soviet Union, however, is unlikely to happen as long as the present generation of leadership, even remnants of it, are still in power.
The Chinese pro-Democracy resistance faces f urther uncertainty as China expands is influence across the world . The movement, which gained international attention following the 1989 Tiananmen square protests, f aces stagnation as wealthy ex-protesters refuse to provide funds under fear of repercussion by the Chinese government . Those opposing the communist monopoly of governance are also unable to raise awareness domestically, as information related to the massacre is heavily censored. When a Chinese is asked of the 4th of June overseas, vague, or no answers are given as they simply know very little . Gaining support will be extremely difficult unless information on the massacre is released transparently.
China did have several periods of political liberalization. The 1978–1979 “Beijing Spring”, being the most notable, involved residents of Beijing gluing posters containing criticism to walls across the city. Topics included things heavily suppressed by Mao such as media, education, religion, and in particular experiences on the atrocities of the Cultural Revolution. The “Democracy Walls” were eventually subject to government crackdown in the early ’80s.
The censorship present in social media platforms such as Sina Weibo on posts dealing with present and past Chinse leadership, alongside the heavy filtering on reporting the corona virus outbreak, is once again an eerie parallel of the end of the short period of thaw.
Nevertheless, the fact that a thaw did occur within the country is something heartwarming . It opens a possibility of an era where liberalizations like Gorbachev’s Perestroika (restructuring) and Glasnost (transparency) may be sustained. With the presence of social media and popular culture, such era is in fact inevitable. Yes, political indoctrination may be gaining a new appeal, yet today’s China is completely different to what it was during the first two decades of communist rule. With such popular demand , would the prospect of reform lead to a Russia-like switch to democracy? It may."
How Not to Fight the Corona or “Wuhan” Virus. 	"Ok. So there is little doubt that the virus that is spreading from its epicenter in Wuhan, China is a disaster. 41 are dead so far, and more than a thousand are infected.
The Chinese government is scrambling to figure out how to contain the disaster. And that means they are falling back on what they think works best. That is coercion. 35 million people in 12 cities are locked down or quarantined.
I can understand the idea behind this. But consider “The first and golden rule of public health is you have to gain the trust of the population,” said Lawrence O. Gostin, a professor of Global Health Law at Georgetown University who spoke to The Washington Post . He said the extreme measure is instead likely to “drive the epidemic underground.”
Nicht gut! We will see how things develop, hope for the best, and perhaps learn from how big decisions either work or not.
bTW, I am reminded of the 1832 outbreak of cholera in London. Thousands dropped dead within hours of being infected. No one knew what cholera was back then. Nor did they have an understanding of the role of microorganisms in illnesses. For many years,authorities assumed that whatever was killing people was spread through the air. Bad decision. This blinded folks to other possibilities – like it spreading through the water. And quarantines, etc. caused a breakdown in trust of public officials and doctors.
Indeed, cholera was and is spread through contaminated water. Dr. John Snow figured that out in 1848 and wrote about it. His observations were spot on, and were roundly rejected. It took another decade or so until authorities changed their tune. And the great London sewer system that separated waste water from drinking water was completed in 1868. That ended cholera in London – more than 3 decades after the initial outbreak and after thousands and many thousands had died from it.
You might think that word spread fast about how to deal with cholera, right? Wrong. The fifth cholera pandemic , according to Dr A. J. Wall, the 1883–1887 part of the epidemic cost 250,000 lives in Europe and at least 50,000 in the Americas. Cholera claimed 267,890 lives in Russia (1892); [45] 120,000 in Spain ; [46] 90,000 in Japan and over 60,000 in Persia . [45] In Egypt , cholera claimed more than 58,000 lives. The 1892 outbreak in Hamburg killed 8,600 people. Although the city government was generally held responsible for the virulence of the epidemic, it went largely unchanged. This was the last serious European cholera outbreak, as cities improved their sanitation and water systems.
The next or sixth cholera pandemic had less impact in Europe as word finally had spread on how to deal with it. That word did not have much effect in Russia or the Ottoman Empire. The sixth cholera pandemic had little effect in western Europe because of advances in public health , but major Russian cities and the Ottoman Empire were particularly hard hit by cholera deaths. More than 500,000 people died of cholera in Russia from 1900 to 1925, which was also a time of social disruption because of revolution and warfare.
And despite the fact that the mechanisms for preventing the spread of cholera are by now well known, we STILL see cholera epidemics in places where those mechanisms have not been put in place. (See above link). And boom! Man can it spread!
I find that difficult to accept. But it shows us how parochial our understanding of global pandemics have been. Remember ebola? "
Vir Biotechnology Identifies Two Antibodies That Bind to the Spike Protein of 2019-nCoV, Newly Named as SARS-CoV-2. 	"Vir Biotechnology, Inc. (Nasdaq: VIR), a clinical-stage immunology company focused on immune approaches to treating and preventing serious infectious diseases, today announced that it has identified two monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) that bind to SARS-CoV-2 (previously known as “2019-nCoV”), which were originally found because they bind and neutralize the original SARS-CoV. The antibodies target the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein in the region that the virus uses to enter cells through the cellular receptor ACE2. Infection with SARS-CoV-2 causes the newly named disease, Covid-19.
“We are in the process of assessing neutralization with a pseudo-virus,” said George Scangos, Ph.D., CEO of Vir. “In addition, we are working with international partners to assess the capacity of these antibodies to neutralize the live virus, SARS-CoV-2.”
The company is moving ahead with research to determine if its antibodies, or additional antibodies that it may be able to identify, can be effective as treatment and/or prophylaxis against SARS-CoV-2. To that end, the company is exploring collaborations with a number of other companies and governmental agencies. Amongst these are specific efforts at accessing manufacturing capacity globally.
“We are pleased that, using the same platform that was used to isolate mAb114 which has proven to be active against Ebola, we have quickly identified antibodies with potential biological activity against SARS-CoV-2,” said Herbert “Skip” Virgin, M.D., Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer, Vir. “We are working as rapidly as possible and look forward to sharing more information as we have it.”
Vir identified these antibodies from an existing library of 20 fully human antibodies that bind and neutralize related coronaviruses, such as SARS-CoV and coronaviruses that infect animals. This library was built through a robust method for capitalizing on unusually successful immune responses naturally occurring in people who are protected from, or have recovered from, infectious diseases, including those caused by rapidly evolving and/or previously untreatable pathogens.
Antibody-based therapies are different from vaccines and have distinct attributes that may make them potentially valuable, particularly in pandemic settings:
Antibodies can be therapeutic and prophylactic, meaning they can be used as a treatment for people who have been infected and can also protect people who have been, or may be, exposed to infection. Whereas a vaccine requires an individual to make an immune response, which can take weeks and be insufficient, an antibody provides the immune response, which can be effective within hours of injection and is not dependent upon the individual making an immune response to the pathogen. Antibodies can be engineered to have an extended half-life of several months or more. Vir is investigating other approaches to identify additional potential therapies for SARS-CoV-2. In addition to testing these two antibodies, the company is also exploring the isolation of new antibodies specific for this virus using its antibody technology platform. These efforts may allow additional approaches to address this rapidly emerging public health epidemic.
About Vir’s Antibody Platform
Vir has a robust method for capitalizing on unusually successful immune responses naturally occurring in people who are protected from, or have recovered from, infectious diseases. The platform is used to identify rare antibodies from survivors that have the potential to treat and prevent rapidly evolving and/or previously untreatable pathogens via direct pathogen neutralization and immune system stimulation. Vir engineers the fully human antibodies that it discovers to enhance their therapeutic potential. This platform has been used to identify and develop antibodies for pathogens including Ebola (mAb114, currently in use in the Democratic Republic of Congo), hepatitis B virus, influenza A, malaria, and others.
About Vir Biotechnology
Vir Biotechnology is a clinical-stage immunology company focused on combining immunologic insights with cutting-edge technologies to treat and prevent serious infectious diseases. Vir has assembled four technology platforms that are designed to stimulate and enhance the immune system by exploiting critical observations of natural immune processes. Its current development pipeline consists of five product candidates targeting hepatitis B virus, influenza A, human immunodeficiency virus and tuberculosis. For more information, please visit www.vir.bio.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “potential” and similar expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on Vir’s expectations and assumptions as of the date of this press release. Each of these forward-looking statements involves risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release include statements regarding the company’s efforts to neutralize the SARS-CoV-2 virus and identify additional potential therapies for SARS-CoV-2, and its ability to address the emerging public health epidemic. Many factors may cause differences between current expectations and actual results including unexpected safety or efficacy data observed during preclinical or clinical studies, challenges in neutralizing SARS-CoV-2, difficulty in collaborating with other companies or government agencies, and challenges in accessing manufacturing capacity within China. Other factors that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements in this press release are discussed in Vir’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the section titled “Risk Factors” contained therein. Except as required by law, Vir assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations, even as new information becomes available."
How Much You Need To Expect You'll Pay For A Good corona-virus. 	" For only like a human being could he die, and only by dying could he crack the strength of the devil, who experienced[ the power of Loss of life. Only in this manner could he set no cost all that have lived their life as slaves towards the anxiety of dying.” Hebrews 2:14,15Comply with Allure on Instagram and Twitter, or subscribe to our e-newsletter for day-to-day elegance tales sent correct to your inbox.On 19 January, 4 times before the city's lockdown, a wan jia yan  was held in Wuhan, with over forty,000 people turning out; this attracted retrospective criticism. The domestic The Beijing News argued that the local authorities should not have held this kind of general public assembly while seeking to Command the outbreak. The paper also mentioned that when their journalists frequented the Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market place the place the coronavirus probably originated, most citizens and merchants there were not wearing confront masks.Increase to this disinformation a “leaked” document from authorities in Swat gave the perception that circumstances emerging inside the area are being stored peaceful to prevent panic.""It’s very early With this outbreak, and it’s difficult to know the complete spectrum of diseases until eventually we get yourself a handle on every one of the cases which might be occurring,"" he claims.Need to I Visit the medical doctor if I have a cough? Unless you've lately travelled to China or been in contact with an individual contaminated Together with the virus, then you must take care of any cough or chilly signs and symptoms as usual.ten:17 Some governments have however to announce the evacuations of their nationals. DW spoke to 2 Global college students trapped in Wuhan from Nigeria and Pakistan, two nations that have but to announce designs to evacuate its citizens.Chinese people devote extra on luxury merchandise than some other country on this planet. In Italy, they shop in excess of Russians, Arabs, and People in america put together In accordance with a 2019 study by a tax refund firm Global Blue.On 2 February 2020, India issued a journey advisory that warned all persons residing in India not to vacation to China, suspended E-visas from China, and even more stated anyone who has travelled to China starting up fifteen January (to an indefinite stage Later on) could possibly be quarantined.China is the principal market for the Australian mining sector. Shares in BHP, Rio Tinto and Fortescue Metals Team ""tumbled"" in the aftermath in the outbreak, wiping billions of the businesses' sector values. China is liable for all over one-third of all exports from Australia like eighty% of iron ore exports and 70% of global seaborne provide of metal.The main regarded an infection by a fresh virus was noted in Wuhan on 1 December 2019, the early reaction by town authorities has become accused of prioritising a Handle of information around the outbreak, with a group of eight professional medical staff, who posted warnings later on in December getting warned by Wuhan police for ""spreading rumours.At this stage, states Amesh Adalja, an infectious-illness professional for the Johns Hopkins Centre for Health Safety, it’s unclear how severe the virus are going to be — if It will likely be far more like SARS, that has a 10 % mortality amount, or more like another, milder viruses.Sorry, but your participant are not able to help embedded video of this sort, read more you may obtain this video to view it offline.The earth Health and fitness Organization (WHO) is so concerned about the risks on the coronavirus that they may keep an emergency committee on Jan 22 to determine if action should be taken. There may be now no vaccine or cure for your coronavirus. "
Advisory to recess the symptoms of respiratory tract in possible Corona virus infected cases. 	"In continuation of the preventive measures issued on 29-01-2020, further advisory to recess the symptoms of respiratory tract in possible Corona virus infected cases is as below:
AYUSH system is based on traditional health practices. The traditional Healthcare system of the country provides lifestyle advocacies to boost immunity which helps the prevention of various kind infectious diseases. Recently, the outbreak of corona virus has been noticed which mainly involve Respiratory system. The Ministry of AYUSH is issuing the advisory as preventive measure and not claiming to be a treatment advice for the Corona virus infection. The Research Councils under Ministry of AYUSH are involved in various public health activities and provide lifestyle advocacies time to time for the general public. As per the Ayurvedic Practices the following Preventive Management Steps are suggested. Drink Shadang Paniya (Musta, Parpat, Usheer, Chandan,Udeechya & Nagar) processed water (10 gm powder boiled in 1-liter water, until it reduces to half). Store it in a bottle and drink it when thirsty. Prophylactic Measures/Immunomodulatory drugs as per the Ayurvedic practices. Measures shall be taken to strengthen the immune system through a healthy diet and lifestyle practices. Agastya Harityaki 5 gm, twice a day with warm water. Samshamani Vati 500 mg twice a day. Trikatu(Pippali, Marich & Shunthi) powder 5 gm and Tulasi 3-5 leaves (boiled in 1-litre water, until it reduces to ½ liter and keeps it in a bottle) keep taking it in sips as and when required. Pratimarsa Nasya: Instill two drops of Anu taila/Sesame oil in each nostril daily in the morning. As per the Homoeopathy Practices the following Preventive Management Steps are suggested-
The Group of Experts inter-alia has recommended that homoeopathy medicine Arsenicum album30 could be taken as prophylactic medicine against possible Corona virus infections, which has also been advised for prevention of ILI. It has recommended one doze of Arsenicum album 30, daily in empty stomach for three days. The dose should be repeated after one month by following the same schedule incase Corona virus infections prevail in the community. As per the Unani Practices the following Preventive Management Steps are suggested. Prepare decoction by boiling Behidana (Cydonia Oblonga) 3gm, Unnab Zizyphus (Jujube Linn) 5nos, Sapistan (Cordia Myxa Linn) 7nos in 1 litre water until it reduces to half. Store it in a bottle and take sips as and when required. For prophylactic measures immune system need to be strengthen for this purpose Khamira Marwareed 3-5 gm once a day may be taken."
Chinese Experts Suspect Corona Virus originated From Bats. 	"The new corona virus that has killed at least 425 people in China may have originated in bats, Chinese scientists say.
A new study published Monday in the journal Nature said experts from the Wuhan Institute of Virology, which specializes in the study of viruses, say the new virus is 96% genetically identical to a virus found in bats in southern China’s Yunnan province.
The study said the new corona virus is 80% genetically similar to the SARS virus that killed more than 800 people in 2002 and 2003.
Chinese officials do not know exactly how the virus could have been transmitted from animals to people, but believe open-air markets in China, where wild and domesticated animals are sold, may be a contributor.
As of early Tuesday, the corona virus death toll in China stood at 425 with the number of confirmed cases exceeding 20,000.
Bats have been recognized as the natural reservoirs of a large variety of viruses. Special attention has been paid to bat coronaviruses as the two emerging coronaviruses which have caused unexpected human disease outbreaks in the 21st century, Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (SARS-CoV) and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (MERS-CoV), are suggested to be originated from bats. Various species of horseshoe bats in China have been found to harbor genetically diverse SARS-like coronaviruses. Some strains are highly similar to SARS-CoV even in the spike protein and are able to use the same receptor as SARS-CoV for cell entry. On the other hand, diverse coronaviruses phylogenetically related to MERS-CoV have been discovered worldwide in a wide range of bat species, some of which can be classified to the same coronavirus species as MERS-CoV. Coronaviruses genetically related to human coronavirus 229E and NL63 have been detected in bats as well. Moreover, intermediate hosts are believed to play an important role in the transmission and emergence of these coronaviruses from bats to humans. Understanding the bat origin of human coronaviruses is helpful for the prediction and prevention of another pandemic emergence in the future."
Wuhan Corona Virus Looks Like Bubonic Plague. 	"The Chinese Wuhan Corona Virus ""looks"" like Bubonic Plague Like many writers both amateur and professional I get security reports in my inbox, that I have learned over the years to treat with great suspicion and to filter out the small fragments of truth that remain. [hell, maybe I'm getting manipulated] While it appears that there is some kind of outbreak in Wuhan, the reporting even in established global-security rags is all over the place. Some say the numbers of death are small, while others report 100 bodies per day being burned in Chinese crematoriums, while the rest of the media, esp Youtube, ""suggests"" (baiting?) animal to human disease transmission by means of pest insects. To further correlate this, biosuited Chinese health workers are shown spraying for airborn pests (photos ""can"" be faked or out of context). As someone who grew up in Louisiana, I witnessed Msoquito control trucks sparying the neighborhood every other day, during the wet season (hurricane season, locally). Much of Louisiana from New Orleans - south, experiences Caribbean wet-dry seasons. Local yachters and commercial fishermen will be very familiar with this. Returning to my thesis, the speed of the outbreak, the number of deaths and the method of control make this look EXACTLY like an outbreak of BUBONIC PLAGUE. Pardon my French; but, Corona Virus MY ASS (at least my BS meter is diplaying a value of less than zero)!!! Anyway, do be careful and ""consider"" stocking [STEPTOMYCIN, GENTAMICIN, DOXYCYCLINE]. Treatment should be started as soon as symptoms appear (within 7 days, death can result within 10 days). Untreated death rates can be up to 90%."
5 Essential Elements For corona virus new york. 	"“In case you have experienced latest journey to Wuhan, China or shut connection with somebody who has and they are dealing with symptoms, get in touch with your wellness care company just before arriving towards the Workplace so they can make lodging ahead of time,” Commissioner Persichilli reported.A 3rd town in China is going into lockdown as officers battle to halt the unfold in the lethal new coronavirus which includes killed 25, remaining hundreds seriously ill and possibly infected thousands.Sheffield Wednesday FCFootball enthusiast, sixteen, still left bleeding soon after remaining hit more than head with police officer's batonThe boy was responding to commotion between the rivals exterior Barnsley Interchange pursuing the South Yorkshire Derby on Saturday which led to a result of one-oneThe letter also points out the department features a central coronavirus webpage that features CDC updates, vacation advisories and assistance despatched to health and fitness care suppliers, neighborhood wellbeing departments, an infection preventionists along with other wellness companions.The ship remaining Bayonne on January 27, for each the news outlet, which described 1 passenger who suffered a fever was offered Tylenol and was carrying out OK.Liveuamap is masking security and conflict reports around the globe, pick the region of your curiosityPiro later told Fox News that travellers deboarding the Bahamas cruise told him they were not informed about the probable hazard.Some researchers are concerned that given that the China coronavirus spreads, the pathogen could mutate so it may distribute more proficiently, or turn out to be much more likely to result in ailment in teenagers.A individual clip demonstrates Cantonese-speaking diners planning to take in read more soup built With all the nocturnal animal. The new strain of coronavirus, which emerged inside the central Chinese town of Wuhan last month, has killed a minimum of twenty five persons and sickened more than 800We proceed to work in close session Along with the CDC, the WHO, and native wellbeing authorities to align with read more their steerage and make sure the wellbeing and wellbeing of our friends and crew,"" Royal Caribbean mentioned in an announcement. The letter also factors out the Department provides a central nCoV webpage that features CDC updates, travel advisories and advice despatched to overall health care vendors, local wellbeing departments, an infection preventionists together with other wellbeing companions.) The CDC has also here boosted surveillance at twenty entry details exactly where officials are Generally based in situation an arriving traveler exhibits indications of a ailment.Dancing On IceJames Jordan heartbreak with pregnant spouse Ola which 'Slash him similar to a knife'James Jordan has opened up with regards to the struggles he confronted with his read more spouse Ola Jordan just months before she is because of give beginning for their very first boy or girlEricsson AB withdrew from your telecommunications market’s major once-a-year event, MWC Barcelona 2020, to shield its staff and guests through best meals on gold coast the coronavirus."
Vir Biotechnology Identifies Two Antibodies That Bind to the Spike Protein of 2019-nCoV, Newly Named as SARS-CoV-2. 	"Vir Biotechnology, Inc. (Nasdaq: VIR), a clinical-stage immunology company focused on immune approaches to treating and preventing serious infectious diseases, today announced that it has identified two monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) that bind to SARS-CoV-2 (previously known as “2019-nCoV”), which were originally found because they bind and neutralize the original SARS-CoV. The antibodies target the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein in the region that the virus uses to enter cells through the cellular receptor ACE2. Infection with SARS-CoV-2 causes the newly named disease, Covid-19.
“We are in the process of assessing neutralization with a pseudo-virus,” said George Scangos, Ph.D., CEO of Vir. “In addition, we are working with international partners to assess the capacity of these antibodies to neutralize the live virus, SARS-CoV-2.”
The company is moving ahead with research to determine if its antibodies, or additional antibodies that it may be able to identify, can be effective as treatment and/or prophylaxis against SARS-CoV-2. To that end, the company is exploring collaborations with a number of other companies and governmental agencies. Amongst these are specific efforts at accessing manufacturing capacity globally.
“We are pleased that, using the same platform that was used to isolate mAb114 which has proven to be active against Ebola, we have quickly identified antibodies with potential biological activity against SARS-CoV-2,” said Herbert “Skip” Virgin, M.D., Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer, Vir. “We are working as rapidly as possible and look forward to sharing more information as we have it.”
Vir identified these antibodies from an existing library of 20 fully human antibodies that bind and neutralize related coronaviruses, such as SARS-CoV and coronaviruses that infect animals. This library was built through a robust method for capitalizing on unusually successful immune responses naturally occurring in people who are protected from, or have recovered from, infectious diseases, including those caused by rapidly evolving and/or previously untreatable pathogens.
Antibody-based therapies are different from vaccines and have distinct attributes that may make them potentially valuable, particularly in pandemic settings: Antibodies can be therapeutic and prophylactic, meaning they can be used as a treatment for people who have been infected and can also protect people who have been, or may be, exposed to infection. Whereas a vaccine requires an individual to make an immune response, which can take weeks and be insufficient, an antibody provides the immune response, which can be effective within hours of injection and is not dependent upon the individual making an immune response to the pathogen. Antibodies can be engineered to have an extended half-life of several months or more.
Vir is investigating other approaches to identify additional potential therapies for SARS-CoV-2. In addition to testing these two antibodies, the company is also exploring the isolation of new antibodies specific for this virus using its antibody technology platform. These efforts may allow additional approaches to address this rapidly emerging public health epidemic.
About Vir’s Antibody Platform Vir has a robust method for capitalizing on unusually successful immune responses naturally occurring in people who are protected from, or have recovered from, infectious diseases. The platform is used to identify rare antibodies from survivors that have the potential to treat and prevent rapidly evolving and/or previously untreatable pathogens via direct pathogen neutralization and immune system stimulation. Vir engineers the fully human antibodies that it discovers to enhance their therapeutic potential. This platform has been used to identify and develop antibodies for pathogens including Ebola (mAb114, currently in use in the Democratic Republic of Congo), hepatitis B virus, influenza A, malaria, and others.
About Vir Biotechnology Vir Biotechnology is a clinical-stage immunology company focused on combining immunologic insights with cutting-edge technologies to treat and prevent serious infectious diseases. Vir has assembled four technology platforms that are designed to stimulate and enhance the immune system by exploiting critical observations of natural immune processes. Its current development pipeline consists of five product candidates targeting hepatitis B virus, influenza A, human immunodeficiency virus and tuberculosis. For more information, please visit www.vir.bio.
Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “potential” and similar expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on Vir’s expectations and assumptions as of the date of this press release. Each of these forward-looking statements involves risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release include statements regarding the company’s efforts to neutralize the SARS-CoV-2 virus and identify additional potential therapies for SARS-CoV-2, and its ability to address the emerging public health epidemic. Many factors may cause differences between current expectations and actual results including unexpected safety or efficacy data observed during preclinical or clinical studies, challenges in neutralizing SARS-CoV-2, difficulty in collaborating with other companies or government agencies, and challenges in accessing manufacturing capacity within China. Other factors that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements in this press release are discussed in Vir’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the section titled “Risk Factors” contained therein. Except as required by law, Vir assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations, even as new information becomes available. Contact: Vir Biotechnology, Inc. Investors Neera Ravindran, MD Head of Investor Relations & Strategic Communications +1-415-506-5256 Media Lindy Devereux Scient PR +1-646-515-5730 Related Articles More articles issued by Vir Biotechnology, Inc. "
The Corona Virus: What To Do. 	"I am sure you aware of the corona virus infection that is causing concern around the world. A January 24, 2020 study in The Lancet reported the latest statistics. (1) The fatality rate (so far) from the corona infection is approaching 15%. That is not good news.
There is a big HOWEVER here: This Lancet report is based on only 41 laboratory confirmed cases of the recent corona virus strain (2019-nCoV). Keep in mind, the 15% fatality rate is the percentage of hospitalized patients suffering with corona virus. There must be many more people who became ill with this corona virus and recovered uneventfully and therefore, did not seek care.
The symptoms of corona virus initially mimic the flu—fever, headache, cough, fatigue and muscle aches. The 41 patients admitted to the hospital all developed pneumonia.
Corona virus is nothing new. It has been with us for a long time. Corona virus can affect both animals and humans. It is important to keep in mind that most corona viral infections are mild. In the last two decades, there were two serious corona virus infections–severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) and Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) which both had elevated death rates.
So, what can you do? Wearing a mask will not help protect you from becoming ill with any viral infection—corona virus included. I would check that off the list.
First, it is important to maintain optimal levels of nutrients, particularly vitamins A and C. Most people have suboptimal vitamin A and C levels. Both of these nutrients have antiviral abilities and are able to support the immune system when it is under viral attack. If you are not ill, I suggest taking 3-5,000 mg/day of vitamin C. At the first sign of an illness, I would suggest taking 1,000 mg/day every hour until diarrhea develops, then back off for a time period. For vitamin A, I suggest using 5,000 Units/day if you are not sick and 100,000 Units/day for four days at the first sign of an illness. Pregnant women cannot take these doses. (Note: Take vitamin A, not beta carotene.)
Iodine is essential to not only fighting off an infection it is necessary for proper immune system functioning. There is no bacteria, virus, parasite or fungus that is known to be resistant to iodine. As I have written in my book, Iodine: Why You Need It, Why You Can’t Live Without It, most of the population is low in iodine. If fact, iodine levels have fallen nearly 60% over the last 40 years. The RDA for iodine is inadequate to supply enough iodine for all the bodily tissues. For the majority of my patients, I suggest taking 25 mg/day as a daily dose and more (sometimes 50-100 mg/day) at the first sign of an illness. Iodine can cause adverse effects and it is best used under the guidance of an iodine-knowledgeable doctor."
Virus corona chine. 	"Scientists are increasingly concerned about a new virus that has infected thousands of people and can be deadly. The virus is a coronavirus, and belongs to the same family as the virus that causes severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS. It causes a respiratory illness, can spread from person to person, and emerged in the Chinese city of Wuhan in December.
Nature senior reporter Ewen Callaway and the Nature Podcast’s Benjamin Thompson discuss the fast-paced research happening in response to the outbreak — from diagnostics to finding the pathogen’s animal host.
Listen: Reporters Ewen Callaway and Benjamin Thompson discuss the escalating coronavirus
Keep up to date, with Nature Briefing
The number of people in China infected with the coronavirus reached 20,438 on 3 February, after more than 3,000 new cases were reported in a day. China’s National Health Commission also reported another 64 deaths, bringing the total to more than 420 in mainland China. And media outlets are reporting the death of a man in Hong Kong, the second fatality to be reported outside the mainland.
3 February 16:30 GMT — Scientists eager to study samples of live virus
Researchers worldwide are keen to get their hands on samples of the coronavirus, to probe the pathogen’s biology in detail and to test drugs and develop vaccines. Virologists in China who first isolated the virus found that it can kill cultured human cells and that it enters cells through the same molecular receptor as the coronavirus that causes severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS).
China coronavirus: how many papers have been published?
Scientists say that physical samples have advantages over genetic sequences, dozens of which are now available. They can be used to engineer animal models of the infection and to answer key questions about how the pathogen spreads. Labs in the United States, France, Germany and Hong Kong are isolating and preparing to share virus samples taken from local patients. “It is essential that viruses are shared,” said Maria Van Kerkhove, an infectious-disease epidemiologist at the World Health Organization in Geneva, Switzerland.
Jiangsu Shuoshi Biotechnology Co. Ltd. production workers working on a coronavirus nucleic acid detection kit, China""
Workers assemble detection kits for the coronavirus.Credit: EPA-EFE/Shutterstock
31 January 05:00 GMT — Experts consider what’s next
As cases of the coronavirus continue to climb, experts are considering best- and worst-case scenarios based on the behaviour of previous epidemics and what scientists already know. Cases in China surged to 9,692 on 30 January. One model estimates that the virus could infect about 39,000 of the 30 million people living in the region of Wuhan. “It seems like the virus has got out of hand in China, spread too far, too quickly to really be contained,” says Ian Mackay, a virologist at the University of Queensland in Brisbane, Australia.
One big question is whether the coronavirus will continue to circulate in the community. If efforts to contain the virus fail, there’s a reasonable chance that it will become endemic. As with influenza, this could mean that deaths occur every year as the pathogen circulates. During the current outbreak, there have been several cases of infected people displaying no symptoms. If such cases are common, it will be more difficult to control the disease’s spread, making it more likely that the virus will become endemic."
corona virus in wuhan: Wuhan speeds up diagnosis of NCoV patients, Health News. 	"The diagnosis of the novel coronavirus in the province will no longer be solely dependent on nucleic acid test results. IANS | February 06, 2020, 16:04 IST Newsletter A A Wuhan: As more hospitals were being set up and qualified third-party institutions joining in, the Chinese city of Wuhan, the epicentre of the novel coronavirus outbreak, is now able to test nearly 4,200 nucleic acid samples per day, authorities said on Thursday.Apart from provincial and municipal centres for disease control and prevention, 25 hospitals and 12 qualified third-party institutions were also able to conduct nucleic acid testing, Xinhua news agency quoted the Hubei Provincial Health Commission as saying.As of Monday, the novel coronavirus nucleic acid testing capability of Wuhan had been increased to 4,196 samples per day from the initial 200 samples.Computed tomography (CT) imaging has also been added as an auxiliary testing method in Hubei, according to the latest diagnosis and treatment plan by the National Health Commission released on Wednesday.This suggests that the diagnosis of the novel coronavirus in the province will no longer be solely dependent on nucleic acid test results.""The nucleic acid test result is the gold standard for the final diagnosis of novel coronavirus infections, but those who have a negative nucleic acid test result may see positive CT imaging results,"" said Zhang Xiaochun with the Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University .As more hospitals were being set up and qualified third-party institutions joining in, the Chinese city of Wuhan, the epicentre of the novel coronavirus outbreak, is now able to test nearly 4,200 nucleic acid samples per day, auIt takes us time to learn about the novel coronavirus as well as testing and treatment for the disease, she said, adding that the method may help ease the difficulty in conducting nucleic acid tests in a short period of time, helping control the epidemic.""CT imaging is more convenient and accessible in primary hospitals. It will help reduce cross-infection, controlling the infection source and cutting off the transmission route because the patients, as soon as they are diagnosed, will be put under medical observation and receive necessary treatment,"" she said.More hospital beds are also made available as the city is racing against time to turn public facilities into makeshift hospitals.The first such hospital converted from an exhibition centre began accepting patients from Wednesday. The hospital can provide about 1,600 beds to infected patients.Two other public facilities have also been turned into hospitals, with a total of 2,800 beds. They started to take in patients with mild symptoms late Wednesday.As of Thursday, the death toll in China has increased to 563, while the number of confirmed cases also rose to 28,018."
‘Hidden’ Animal spreading the Corona virus ?. 	"While bats may be the original hosts of the novel Chinese coronavirus, an animal sold at a seafood market in Wuhan may be spreading the deadly virus to humans, a study published in The Lancet journal suggests.
The analysis of 10 gene sequences of the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) from nine patients in the central Chinese city of Wuhan found that the virus is most closely related to two bat-derived SARS-like coronaviruses.
The researchers, including those from the Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences in China, said that their analysis suggests that bats might be the original host of the virus.
However, an animal sold at the Huanan seafood market might represent an intermediate host that enables the emergence of the virus in humans, they said.
For this reason, the researchers noted, future evolution, adaptation and spread of this virus require urgent investigation.
Cell and secretion samples were taken from the lungs of the patients who were diagnosed with viral pneumonia of unidentified cause.
The harvested samples of the 2019-nCoV virus were then analysed to determine the origin of the virus, and how it enters human cells.
Eight of the patients had visited the Huanan seafood market. One patient had never visited the market but had stayed in a hotel near the market before the onset of their illness.
The researchers found 2019-nCoV in all 10 genetic samples taken from the patients – including eight complete genomes, and two partial genomes.
The genetic sequences of the samples were nearly identical, which indicates a very recent emergence of the virus into humans, according to the researchers.
""It is striking that the sequences of 2019-nCoV described here from different patients were almost identical,"" said one of lead authors, Weifeng Shi, from Shandong First Medical University, and Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences.
""This finding suggests that 2019-nCoV originated from one source within a very short period, and was detected relatively rapidly,"" Shi said.
As the virus transmits to more individuals, the researchers said, constant surveillance of mutations arising is needed.
Comparing the 2019-nCoV genetic sequence with a library of viruses, they found that the most closely related viruses were two SARS-like coronaviruses of bat origin, which shared 88 per cent of the genetic sequence.
2019-nCoV was more genetically distant to the human SARS virus – which shared about 79 per cent of the genetic sequence – and the Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS) virus, which shared about 50 per cent of the genetic sequence.
Analysing how the virus binds, and then enters the human cells, the researchers found that 2019-nCoV and human SARS virus have similar structures, despite some small differences.
The researchers suggest that 2019-nCoV might use the same molecular doorway to enter the cells as SARS but noted that this will require confirmation.
Based on the data, they said, it seems likely that the 2019-nCoV causing the Wuhan outbreak might also be initially hosted by bats, and transmitted to humans via a currently unknown wild animal sold at the Huanan seafood market.
They said that it is more likely that bat coronaviruses are mutating than 2019-nCoV – meaning that the virus is unlikely to have emerged due to a chance mutation.
""These data are consistent with a bat reservoir for coronaviruses in general and 2019-nCoV in particular,"" said Professor Guizhen Wu, from the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention.
""However, despite the importance of bats, it seems likely that another animal host is acting as an intermediate host between bats and humans,"" said Wu.
She explained that the outbreak was first reported in late December 2019, when most bat species in Wuhan are hibernating.
No bats were sold or found at the Huanan seafood market, whereas many non-aquatic animals (including mammals) were, Wu noted.
Also, the similarities in the genetic sequences between 2019-nCoV and its close relatives bat-SL-CoVZC45 and bat-SL-CoVZXC21 were less than 90 per cent, meaning these two bat-derived coronaviruses are not direct ancestors of 2019-nCoV, she said."
Best hand sanitisers to keep you germ-free during the Corona virus pandemic: Aesop, Dr. Bronner’s, Byredo, etc. 	"SHOP Best hand sanitisers to ward against viruses
We’ve made a list of travel precautions in light of the coronavirus outbreak , but with the growing number of infected plaguing our shores, it seems only apt to share more preventive measures you can take to protect yourself. If hand sanitisers come to mind, you’re on the right track. You see, the pneumonia-like virus is spread by droplets from the nose and mouth, which means cleanliness is paramount in staying disease-free. And in the case where washing your hands isn’t an option, rinse-free sanitisers are the next best thing for eradicating all manner of bacteria . Below, the most potent picks you should pop in your purse."
Thailand Reports Of Apparent Success Treating Corona-virus With Drug Cocktail. 	"A Chinese woman infected with the new coronavirus showed a dramatic improvement after she was treated with a cocktail of anti-viral used to treat flu & HIV, Thailand's health ministry said Sunday.
The 71-year-old patient tested negative for the virus 48 hours after Thai doctors administered the combination, doctor Kriengsak Attipornwanich said during the ministry's daily press briefing.
""The lab result of positive on the coronavirus turned negative in 48 hours,"" Kriengsak said.
""From being exhausted before, she could sit up in bed 12 hours later.""
The news comes as the new virus claimed its first life outside China - a 44-year-old Chinese man who died in the Philippines -- while the death toll in China has soared above 300.
The doctors combined the anti-flu drug oseltamivir with lopinavir and ritonavir, anti-virals used to treat HIV, Kriengsak said, adding the ministry was awaiting research results to prove the findings.
The news comes as the new virus claimed as the new virus claimed its first life outside China -- a 44-year-old Chinese man who died in the Philippines -- while the death toll in China has soared above 300.
Thailand so far has detected 19 confirmed cases of the virus believed to have originated in the central Chinese city of Wuhan, which is under lockdown.
That is the second highest number of cases outside of China, with Japan recording 20.
So far, eight patients in Thailand have recovered and returned home, while 11 remain in hospital.
In a video released Sunday, health minister Anutin Charnvirakul visited a patient from Wuhan who had recovered from the coronavirus, chatting with her amicably in Mandarin as she thanked him and the medical staff.
Thai authorities are trying to balance screening of inbound Chinese visitors with the economic needs of its tourist sector, which is heavily reliant on arrivals from the mainland.
Messages of support saying ""Our hearts to Wuhan"" in English, Chinese and Thai were plastered on a Bangkok mall popular with tourists.
The bulk of confirmed cases have been Chinese visitors to Thailand, but on Thursday the kingdom recorded its first human-to-human transmission when a Thai taxi driver was diagnosed with the disease.
The taxi driver had not travelled to China, but may have had contact with tourists.
Thailand's government is also battling public criticism that it has been slow to evacuate scores of its citizens from Hubei province, at the centre of the outbreak.
Anutin Charnvirakul said evacuation would happen on Tuesday, and the returnees would be quarantined for 14 days.
"
A Look at USA 2009 H1N1 Virus Compared to China 2020 Corona Virus : Vicious, Political & Xenophobic Racist Attacks Against China Needs To Stop. 	"When the United States 2009 H1N1 swine flu emerged, an international emergency, a declared global pandemic, it eventually infected 60 million and initially killed a minimum of 18,449 cases that year. But the final story of the H1N1 global pandemic was far worse than that, with close to 300,000 deaths, according to the final tallies in 2012 reported by the CDC, as you will read below. Which is why I am scratching my head at how bizarrely negative forces are attacking China and Chinese people as it engages a remarkably aggressive front addressing this Corona virus outbreak which started in Wuhan, central China. I am forced to ask and answer a few questions. During 2009 H1N1 outbreak, I don't recall xenophobic anti-America attacks across the globe, do you? In fact, do you recall it took six months for the U.S. to declare a national emergency? Did any government from the onset in April 2009 through the end in April 2010, including the month of June, when H1N1 was declared an international emergency global pandemic, then send out a notice to its citizens that they should leave the United States? Close their borders to American travelers? Nope, not a peep. Like I said, something's not right, folks. I am reading hateful vicious attacks on the Chinese government for their supposed intentional conspiracy to intentionally under report the number of infections, yet that is exactly and always the case with such flu outbreaks no matter what country and the CDC reports illustrate that crystal clear. The U.S. H1N1 swine flu numbers were vastly underestimated and updated three years later, because dear friends, that is the nature of such viral outbreaks which don't care which country they started in. There is never enough man power, there are never enough test kits, there is never enough medicine or medical supplies. China is not trying to hide these hardships, they are well known, they are being reported on the news daily in China. There are always people who die, thousands of them whom we'll never know if they actually died because of a particular virus. Those are the facts, not any problem unique to China's healthcare system or government. Its not a conspiracy, its just tragedy. According to the June 27, 2012 research report followup three years later, it gets much more disturbing when you learn about the CDC's final estimate of the H1N1 virus global death toll. You and I find at this at this article at the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy website, the CDC's 18,449 total deaths number was ""...regarded as WELL BELOW THE TRUE TOTAL, mainly because many people who die of flu-related causes are not tested for the disease."" So during the 2009 outbreak, was anyone accusing the American medical and government authorities of hiding the numbers? Were Americans with hidden cameras strolling into the Mayo Clinic to PROVE how many people were really dying? The absurdity of these vicious attacks are that whether or not a person specifically does have the Corona virus or some other viral bug presenting as pneumonia, the treatment is the same supportive treatment anyway. Something's not right here folks. The world should be applauding China's unprecedented, broad, aggressive response. (WHO officials and many other government and healthcare officials across the globe are.) I am on the ground here in China READ IT HERE watching with my own eyes and it is quite incredible by any measure, not to mention an enormous economic sacrifice. Instead of looking at the will of an entire system of government acting faster than any other government on the planet could, we are one month later, still busy bashing a few local government officials in Wuhan who should have told us a couple weeks sooner. And yes, that is true those local officials screwed up. And by the way, those officials are in deep trouble for it. Just like the recent Puerto Rican politicians who are in trouble when we learned they didn't distribute hurricane emergency supplies that were sent to them to help during last year's terrible hurricane. A disgrace. Individual people screw up all the time and hopefully justice gets served later, but that's not an indictment of an entire country's government. Secondly, on this point, every provincial government has sent out a notice to its government officials pretty much saying that if they are stupid enough to do the same, they will face the wrath of harsh punishment. I don't doubt it for a moment. Lets contrast to what countless western politicians have gotten away with and remain in office to remind all of us that human error, stupidity and greed is not unique to any particular skin color or race or country. ""What about..."" reactions don't help. And here's the mic drop for you: ""The CDC researchers estimate that the H1N1 2009 pandemic virus caused 201,200 respiratory deaths and another 83,300 deaths from cardiovascular disease associated with H1N1 infections."" Total: 284,000 deaths. Shocking, isn't it? Was there a travel ban for any length of time to and from the United States? Did China, Germany, Japan or any other country close their border to American travelers? Today I noticed in the updates that following the United States Department of State policy suggesting U.S. citizens leave China, the United Kingdom embassy just released the same recommendation to subjects of the kingdom. In 2009, did UK subjects in America get a notice from their kingdom to leave America? No. Did the world suggest we isolate from America? Close the U.S. borders!? No. Did Americans get xenophobically attacked and targeted by anti-American sentiments like the Chinese are experiencing now? Um, no. Fascinating and disturbing to say the least. If you're an expat currently in China, unless you're in Wuhan, fact is that you're most likely safer and more peaceful and more stable by simply staying put than by leaving right now. You couldn't be safer than in this country, where almost everyone is staying home and dutifully isolating themselves with awareness. Not to mention that the Chinese government's decision to safeguard the society, the families, the people, is coming at a devastating economic cost in the hundreds of billions. I have a friend in Mesa, Arizona. He told me earlier that the big popular China City buffet, a huge busy place, has no customers. Does that make any sense at all? Let's test our ability to reason, to be rational: If you were in Miami and you heard that there was a virus outbreak that started in Milan, in central Italy, would you cancel your dinner reservation at the Italian restaurant that night in South Beach? No. Would you buy a pizza next week at Joey's Pizzeria in Delray Beach? If you were in Singapore and you heard there was a virus outbreak in Dallas, Texas in the central United States, would you stop going to your favorite local Texas southern BBQ restaurant with the owner from Houston, in Singapore? Would you avoid olive-skinned dark-haired Italian-looking people on the street in Chicago? Would you avoid big guys wearing cowboy hats, cuz they're obviously from Texas in Singapore cuz there's a virus in Dallas and they might have just gotten off the plane? There's a strange senseless bullying extremism and activism in today's society and you should do your best to avoid it and not be a part of it. It is fomented by a small group of extremist activists while definitely not supported by your average mainstream person who is simply exhausted by their outrage-inducing antics. Finally, here are some straight up, sensible accurate descriptions of this Corona virus which started in Wuhan, China. Its not called the China virus and neither was H1N1 called the America virus. Whether two weeks or two months from now, this flu season type virus will have passed and the joy of Spring will have arrived. Just like every flu season. However, don't misunderstand me. The extra caution and the remarkable response by the Chinese governments and people together to quell the spread of this virus was warranted because, yes it is correct that this corona virus is nastier than the usual annual flu bug, as was H1N1 in 2009. As of now, what we can confidently note the following regarding this Corona virus: This Corona virus is highly contagious, it spreads quite easily. It binds to lung tissue and so in particular, likes to cause pneumonia, that's what infection of lung tissue is. That's more severe than a respiratory infection which is only in your throat or bronchial tubes. The Corona virus currently has a 2% death rate. That's a lot higher, around 20x higher, than a more typical annual flu virus with a death rate of 0.1%. However, a 2% death rate is still much lower by comparison to the SARS virus which had a 9% death rate or the MERS virus with a really nasty 37% death rate. The Corona virus is causing severe symptoms in 10-15% of cases. 80% to 90% of deaths from this virus are happening in elderly patients, mostly with other existing health problems, not younger people. That characteristic by the way, is in contrast to the America 2009 H1N1 swine flu virus which in fact had a higher death rate amongst younger people including children rather than those over 60 years old. China identified and shared the Corona virus genome in record times, in only days and of course, immediately shared it with all international health and disease organizations. Medical researchers are already discovering that certain existing anti-viral medications seem to be effective against this Corona virus. Its impossible not to marvel at China's broad and aggressive domestic response directed by the provincial level governments to restrict movement, restrict transportation, restrict business for a period of time combined with the voluntary dutiful cooperation of its 1.3 billion citizens who are in the majority quietly staying at home these weeks to let the virus pass; this model response is already being hailed by the international community as a remarkable unprecedented response setting a new standard in understanding what is possible for future outbreaks in whatever country they may occur. Is it inconvenient and costly. You bet. Like I said, something's not right with the way humanity is responding to what's happening here. I haven't put my finger on it because well, its certainly complex and the world is upside down in many other ways that I also can't for the life of me understand or explain without ending up writing a very thick book. But I do know this: It needs to stop. This vicious, political, xenophobic racist attacks and smearing of all things China needs to stop. Its really not helping anyone in the political corridors of Washington nor is it doing anything to help the man on the street who is just concerned with taking care of his family. My family is originally from the Basilicata region of Italy, the little hillside Italian towns of Potenza and also, Grottola, which is just outside of Matera. They left their home country and moved to America where I was born, in Yonkers, New York. America became their home and it was my home until I left, too. Now over two decades ago, I left the United States, the country I was born in, the country that has plenty to admire and plenty to improve. But I left and I came to China and now China is my home. If you had asked me thirty years ago if this was my life plan on planet earth, I would have said you were nuts or a really bad fortune teller. But that's how it has turned out. I am truly blessed with my lovely Chinese wife and our family living here in Shenyang in China's northeast. You get my meaning? I am a mature adult like many with the powers of observation. I can easily see that whether we are talking about China or the United States or any other country, their societies and their governments have good points and bad points. The xenophobia needs to stop now. Whether in a couple of weeks or months later, this nasty flu type Corona virus will begin declining and the joy of Spring will arrive. Between now and then if you don't have anything good, anything supportive to say about China or Chinese people, how about you just keep your mouth shut. Mario Cavolo, Shenyang."
Don’t Get Sick While Rupert Murdoch Sells Newspapers (Corona Virus). 	"So, I have a flu and or cold — because it is cold and flu season where I am living. So I’ve opted to wear a face mask to keep me from spreading my germs. They are my germs, I’m not sharing — being greedy and keeping all these cold cooties to myself. You no touchie.
The issue is, newspapers have been doing a reprint of the Swine Flu… or was it the Bird Flu? No it was the Chicken Flu! Oh wait — it was Pig Flu? Maybe it was H1N1, H1N5, H1N4 or H1N23b6? I prolly got the last one wrong — as it didn’t get out too much, as it is really hard to push FUD with something like that. I mean, I know people don’t like the latest Star Wars (a tradition kept alive since Return of the Jedi!) — so having a news story about how H3N6R23 is going to have people asking which Star Wars is that robot from.
Now, luckily the current edition of how the Chinese will kill us all — that they swear is totes real this time, and not like the other times — has a silly name.
Which is what they use to spread it. By claiming the ONLY reason people are not taking this super seriously is because its name is silly. Not because we’ve literally had a story about how East Asian people are different and will get us all sick and we will die by having them integrated with our populations about two times a year going now… and many of them are the exact same story, but with some names Searched/Replaced to make it seem different.
Honestly, I’d suggest making a “East Asian Flu Pandemic” generator that strings together letters to look like the Pinyin of a East Asian city name (well, if you are drunk and have only heard about East Asian stuff from a friend who hasn’t been sober since Nixon was in office) and comes up with a random animal the size of a large dog or smaller to claim it is from. The issue is, I’m worried it will attract the attention of people who are just looking for any old reason to be an asshole to people because they have a bit of extra skin on their eyelids. Rather than understanding the reason to be an asshole was inside them the whole time — it is because they are an asshole.
I’ve gotten fun from both sides… people who think I am wearing my mask for reasons other than “I have a flu, and I nearly flunked kindergarten because I suck at sharing”… and East Asian people worried that I’m going to be another source of nonsense and grief for them. Which, not much I can do on that front… and it annoys me.
The reason we’ve had sickness show up in various East Asian cities and locations is because of human rights violations happening to people there. Conditions that people have to live in. Conditions that people like the Ruport Murdochs of the West would love to set up. However, in order to do that, they cannot point out what causes this yearly “Neo-Bublonic Plague That Is The T-Virus IRL” without, I dunno, having people interfere with those sorts letting those conditions to set up.
Instead, they take a group of people who have something to make them look different — and thus be different. An inhuman evil — and it is actually that red hand of evil (in this case, a slight increase of skin on eyelids… which isn’t quite as cool as what Shakespeare did for theatre stuff… kind of boring really). That way people are too busy otherising a group of people instead of actually doing anything constructive towards it.
It should also be noted we don’t have any plague fear coming out of The Flint Reserve. Because that would be hard to do without interfering with putting that pipeline through. A pipeline they clearly don’t actually care about — otherwise they’d be having it in good working order.
They don’t actually give a crap about oil — it is just an excuse to be mean to people they don’t find aesthetically pleasant.
They don’t give a shit about the Swine Flu — or the Budweiser Bug — or whatever they will be calling it in a couple years when they dust this story off again, and just change the names that happen in it.
They just want to be mean to a group of people on mass. Heck, most of the stuff they make there doesn’t even get sold. It just ends up in the trash.
And at the end of it all — try to not get sick while Rupert Murdoch is selling newspapers."
Even More Draconian Quarantines Are Needed to Stop Coronavirus 2019 Ncov. 	"The Emergency Committee of the World Health Organization reports that China currently premlimary calculation of human-to-human transmission (R0) of coronavirus 2019 ncov is 1.4-2.5.
HKU Medicine has released new nowcasting and forecasting estimates for the 2019-nCoV outbreak. They estimate that the current R0 is between 1.9 and 2.3, and that current case counts may be in the range of 20,000 to 78,000.
Even with the lower transmission rate, there need to be draconian quarantine efforts. We are at the point where China has to use all community-level measures to increase social distance and more community-wide quarantines.
R0 transmission must be reduced to less than 1.0 to stop the spread of the disease.
Jonathan M. Read, Jessica R.E. Bridgen, Derek A.T. Cummings, Antonia Ho , Chris P. Jewell.
If the R0 is 3.6 to 4.0 then 72-75% of transmissions must be prevented by control measures for infections to stop increasing.
The spreading rate is between the flu and SARS.
They estimate that only 5.1% of infections in Wuhan are identified, indicating a large number of infections in the community, and also reflecting the difficulty in detecting cases of this new disease. Surveillance for this novel pathogen has been launched very quickly by public health authorities in China, allowing for rapid assessment of the speed of increase of cases in Wuhan and other areas.
If no change in control or transmission happens, then we expect further outbreaks to occur in other Chinese cities, and that infections will continue to be exported to international destinations at an increasing rate. The model suggests that by 4 February 2020 the number of infected people in Wuhan will be greater than 190 thousand (prediction interval, 132,751 to 273,649). They predict the cities with the largest outbreaks elsewhere in China to be Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou, Chongqing and Chengdu. We also predict that by 4 Feb 2020, the countries or special administrative regions at greatest risk of importing infections through air travel are Thailand, Japan, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and South Korea.
If the official number of cases is below 10,000 in eight days then the R0 estimate of 3.6 to 4.0 would be higher than the actual situation. However, higher cases would not confirm a higher transmission rate. The percentage of identified cases could increase from 5%.
The UK-US model suggests that travel restrictions from and to Wuhan city are unlikely to be effective in halting transmission across China; with a 99% effective reduction in travel, the size of the epidemic outside of Wuhan may only be reduced by 24.9% on 4 February.
Reducing the spread by 25% is still useful.
Beijing has broadened the extraordinary quarantine to more than 50 million people, but the mayor of Wuhan, the outbreak’s epicenter, said 5 million people had already left his city.
Wuhan’s mayor admitted that the city did not release information about the virus in a timely manner but hinted that it was prevented from doing so by central authorities.
A scientific assessment of the spread of the disease, assuming an optimistic 90 percent quarantine, still predicted more than 59,000 infections and 1,500 deaths — twice the toll of the 2002-2003 SARS outbreak.
A John’s Hopkins simulation led by Eric Toner published 3 months ago indicates that an uncontained pandemic disease over a span of 18 months would have deaths in the range of 65 million. A global pandemic could cause an average annual economic loss of 0.7% of global GDP — or $570 billion. They indicated that their model was not matched up to this actual disease outbreak.
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation announced $10M in awards to fight the epidemic. Half is to go to China and half to Africa. Reuters has reported that the Chinese government is dedicating almost US$9 billion toward efforts to quell the spread of the outbreak. However, News China has reported totals closer to US$1.5 billion.
The World Health Organization has not declared a Public Health Emergency of International Concern (PHEIC). A PHEIC is a formal declaration by the World Health Organization of “an extraordinary event which is determined to constitute a public health risk”.
Amplification has occurred in one health care facility. Of confirmed cases, 25% are reported to be severe. The source is still unknown (most likely an animal reservoir) and the extent of human-to-human transmission is still not clear. "
Bar faces backlash for Corona beer specials amid coronavirus outbreak. 	" A bar in New Zealand ruffled feathers online with its advertisements for Corona beer specials amid the deadly coronavirus outbreak in China.
House on Hood has replaced an ad on its Facebook page that reportedly offered Corona beers “while the pandemic lasts,” with a more toned down version of the promotion. The move came after the bar faced backlash over making light of the coronavirus outbreak, which as of Monday had killed at least 362 people and infected over 17,000 globally.
In the new ad , a Corona beer with a face mask wrapped around it is pictured along with a caption that reads “let’s be honest there are worst things you can catch in Hamilton, Coronas still $6.50 all summer long.”
The initial post featured two people dressed in medical suits and face masks holding up Corona beers, with the slogan ""catch some Corona at House this summer, just [6.50 New Zealand dollars ($4.20)] every day while the pandemic lasts,"" Newsweek reported.
Several people accused House on Hood of being insensitive in the comments section. Advertisement
“Right okay, hahahahaha it's 'so funny' that innocent people in China are dying,” one person commented. “And I bet if it were in a European country y'all probably wouldn't be so eager to make light of this situation.”
“Disgusting advert. Find something less deadly to humor about bro,” another person added.
Others applauded the bar for its sense of humor.
“What a bunch of softies,” one person said. “Gallows humor is what make Kiwis and Aussies stand out from the pack.”
“Love the humour guys; stuff the PC,” another person wrote.
Lion, the company that distributes Corona in New Zealand, reportedly said it was unaware of the promotion and condemned the bar for running it.
But John Lawrenson, CEO of the Lawrenson Group which owns House on Hood, reportedly stood by the bar’s decision to run the controversial advertisement.
""The great thing about living in today's society is that there is a small but loud minority of people who get offended by everything and I can always rely on them to get triggered,"" Lawrenson told the New Zealand Herald .
""So I'd just like to say thanks to all the snowflakes for the free advertising and thanks to everyone else with a sense of humor who liked the post.""
This story was reported from Los Angeles. "
The corona virus death toll Diaries. 	"Pretty much everyone will get a coronavirus infection at the very least at the time of their everyday living, probably to be a younger boy or girl. In America, coronaviruses are more widespread in the fall and winter, but any individual can appear down which has a coronavirus infection Anytime.The virus has sickened hundreds in China, leading to the deaths of dozens of men and women in that country. At the least 3 cases of the virus at the moment are confirmed in France and two a lot more happen to be confirmed in The us – outside of Seattle and in Chicago.Numerous people have been retained beneath observation in states like Kerala, Kolkata and Maharashtra. All of them were screened for just a probable publicity to the respiratory virus, which has killed 106 folks in China to date.Chinese youngsters have on protecting masks since they wait around to board trains at Beijing Railway station prior to the yearly Spring Festival on Jan. 21, 2020 in Beijing, China. The volume of cases of the deadly new coronavirus rose to almost 300 in mainland China Tuesday as wellness officials stepped up attempts to comprise the spread of the pneumonia-like sickness which medicals professionals verified may be handed from human to human.People normally vacation to and from China, the epicenter from the viral outbreak, for your Lunar New Calendar year, but many are canceling their flights and With all the journey restrictions now in place, businesses have needed to Lower workers.Appears like you happen to be utilizing new Reddit on an previous browser. The location may well not function appropriately if you don't update your browser! If you do not update your browser, we recommend you check out aged reddit.Scott Pauley from the CDC confirmed to USA These days that the 20 airports align with the center's current quarantine stations that cover all fifty states and Puerto Rico. here The stations are Element of the CDC's program for restricting the introduction and spread of contagious disorders within the U.S.The conclusions have prompted scientists to alert of possible faecel-oral distribute of the illness, Together with respiratory droplet transmission and contactFrom the Conditioning spot to some bar and restaurant, Keep reading to get a rundown of the latest incredibly hot places to help make their debut all over city.Hahn claimed in a statement saying the authorization. ""This carries on being an evolving situation and the opportunity to distribute this diagnostic take a look at to capable labs is a important move ahead in preserving the public well being."" By Victoria AlbertThe Condition Department has issued a amount four journey advisory telling folks never to travel to China because of the outbreak.The CDC reported she didn't acquire community transit even though in Chicago Which she hardly still left her property. It had been a few to four times following remaining dwelling that the woman started experience symptoms and known as her physician. She was taken to some healthcare facility and was right away tested and quarantined.For vacationers without having symptoms, the CDC is handing out wellness info playing cards with aspects within the symptoms they must seek out up to two months after leaving China.The sickness has shut down elements of China and led to fears of a worldwide epidemic. At present, there isn't a heal to the coronavirus."
The Corona Virus and Human / Animal Interaction. 	A new strain of the Corona Virus, the Novel CoronaVirus was first found in Wuhan in China on the 11 th and 12 th of January. The virus was confirmed to be first contracted and spread from a seafood market in Wuhan. It has so far killed (182) people with 7 confirmed cases in Australia, However, there is also a surprising correlation between humans and animals regarding viruses and diseases as many found in humans were spread by animals. Examples include whooping cough from dogs and measles from cattle. So since there is enough information surrounding the Corona Virus we thought we would discuss more about how the virus mutates from animals to humans and what implications this has.
Baylor Student Tests Negative for Corona Virus. 	"A second Texan in two days has been found not to be suffering from the deadly Corona Virus, News Radio 1200 WOAI reports.
A Baylor University student who just returned from China and who fit all the symptoms for the disease had his samples come back negative from the Centers for Disease Control.
The student has been quarantined on the Baylor campus while the testing was underway.
This makes the second potential Corona Virus patient in Texas not to have the disease, and there are no no confirmed cases of the disease anywhere in the state. A student at Texas A&M who had also traveled to Hind tested negative on Sunday, which has killed dozens in China.
“This is very good news, and we are deeply grateful to our local and University health care providers and officials and the Waco-McLennan County Public Health District for their approach to this case, their proactive guidance and expertise and the compassionate care extended to our student while we awaited the CDC results,” said Sharon W. Stern, M.D., medical director for Baylor University Health Services.
Health officials stress that everybody should remain vigilant with not only Corona Virus making the rounds but the flu leading to deaths across Texas.
Everyone 6 months and older is encouraged to get a flu shot.
Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. If soap and water are not available, use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer.
Avoid touching your eyes, nose and mouth with unwashed hands.
Avoid close contact with people who are sick.
Stay home when you are sick.
Cover your cough or sneeze with a flexed elbow or a tissue. Throw the tissue away immediately and wash your hands.
Clean and disinfect frequently touched objects and surfaces. "
7 visits to Wuhan, a city isolated due to the Corona outbreak. 	"Wuhan is a city located in the People's Republic of China. The city which is the capital of Hubei province is the most populous city in the central part of China. The population is around 9,100,000.
Instead of being a city where the Corona virus was believed to have originated, the city has often been called a ghost town in recent times because all the streets have slowly started to calm down and all the inhabitants took refuge in their homes.
But if you look from the other side, the city of Wuhan actually has a natural beauty that is not inferior to the other cities out there. What are these places and where are they? Let's think about it to find out more. 1. Tower of the yellow crane
www.chinatouradvisors.com
This place is one of the big four towers of China, so the yellow crane tower is often considered the symbol of the city of Wuhan. This place has become one of the tourist destinations to visit when going to Wuhan.
The tower has five floors with a height of 50.4 meters and is located on the banks of the Yangtze River at the top of Ular hill, precisely on road No. Minzhu. 56, Wuchang, Wuhan City. At the top of this tower, you can also see views of the city of Wuhan, as well as the magnificent Yangtze River.
The entrance ticket to this tower is 80 yuan or equivalent to Rp157,026.33 commensurate with the breathtaking view, and the park area is very wide and very comfortable for getting around the hill.
The perfect time to visit is late afternoon or when the sun goes down. 2. Hubei Provincial Museum
en.m.wikipedia.org
The museum, which was built in 1953, is one of eight museums created by the central and regional governments. The museum houses 240,000 cultural relics, including pottery, porcelain, jade, bronze objects, lacquer, ancient weapons, ancient musical instruments, ancient coins, calligraphy and paintings old, etc.
The Hubei Provincial Museum is also divided into 3 parts: an exhibition space on ancient heritage, a cultural exhibition space and a full exhibition space.
This museum is on Donghu Street No. 156 Wuchang, Wuhan, Hubei Province. You can visit this museum from Tuesday to Sunday (except Monday and holidays). The entrance ticket is free, so you don't have to worry. 3. Wuhan Yangtze River Bridge
10wallpaper.com
The Wuhan Yangtze River Bridge is the first two-level road bridge over the Yangtze River. Construction of the bridge began in September 1955 and was officially opened in October 1957.
This bridge has a total length of 1.67 km. The upper layer of the bridge is the highway for two- and four-lane cars, while the lower layer for the double-track railway is the Beijing-Guangzhou railway.
This bridge connects Turtle Hill (Gui Shan) on the north side and Sake Hill (She Shan) on the south side, as well as the main traffic of the city of Wuhan. You can take a night boat trip on the Yangtze River, as you can see beautiful landscapes on both sides of the Yangtze River.
Also Read: See 5 Special Foods from Wuhan, China's Famous Culinary City
Continue reading the article below Editor's Choice 4. Wuhan Botanical Garden
www.synotrip.com
Wuhan Botanical Garden was founded in 1956. There are around more than 20 theme parks such as Peony Garden, Azalea Garden, Plum Garden, Medicine Garden, Rose Garden and Lotus d & # 39; water. Everything is beautifully arranged with flowers in bloom. You can also see a variety of plants in large greenhouses.
The entrance ticket to this botanical garden is 35 yuan, while for students, it is 17 yuan. The location is on Jl. Lumo, Hongshan, Wuhan City.
On weekends, this place is a great place for a walk. You can go there with friends or family to learn more about nature. 5. Happy Valley Wuhan
www.trip.com
Wuhan Happy Valley was officially opened on April 29, 2012. This amusement park has an area of ​​350,000 square meters and is located near Donghu Lake, Wuchang, Wuhan.
There are hundreds of rides in the park. You can try the Speeding, Twin-Tower and Flying chairs. You can also watch acrobatics and movies in 4D, or one of the many interesting shows every day such as the samba parade and the music summit.
The ticket to enter the amusement park during the day is 180 yuan for adults and 100 yuan for children, the elderly and the disabled. While at night, 80 yuan for an adult. 6. East Lake Cherry Blossom Park
www.trip.com
East Lake Cherry Blossom Park or commonly known as Wuhan Moshan Cherry Blossom Park is located in the scenic East Moshan Lake area in the city of Wuhan. Sakura Park has a five story pagoda in the middle, the rainbow bridge, Tori, Doumen and others.
Each year in March and April is the cherry blossom season in Wuhan. This month is a good time to visit there to see the cherry blossoms as the park is closed at other times. You can visit from 7:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. or before dark. 7. East Lake Wuhan
eastlakecenterwuhan.com
East Lake Wuhan is located on the south bank of the Yangtze River and on the eastern outskirts of Wuchang, in the city of Wuhan. This lake is the largest lake in urban China. This lake covers an area of ​​87 square kilometers (33 square kilometers for territorial waters).
This lake has winding ledges, ponds and rivers that cross it. You can walk in the park for free and you can also take a kecik boat to cross the lake at the price of 40 yuan.
These are the 7 tourist attractions in Wuhan city, Hubei province. Lots of beautiful isn't it. Well, are you interested in going after the death of the Corona virus?
Also Read: 3 Unique Facts About Chinese Culinary Bats You Should Know
IDN Times Community is a medium that provides a platform for writing. All written works are the sole responsibility of the author.
"
Anti-China sentiment spreads abroad along with 2019-nCov. 	"The coronavirus outbreak has stoked a wave of anti-China sentiment around the globe, from shops barring entry to Chinese tourists, online vitriol mocking the country's exotic meat trade and surprise health checks on foreign workers.
The virus, which originated in China, has spread to more than a dozen countries, many of them in Southeast Asia which has sensitive relations with China amid concerns about Beijing's vast infrastructure spending and political clout in the region and sovereignty disputes in the South China Sea.
But as far away as France, a newspaper has come under fire for its ""Yellow Alert"" headline, echoing a historic Western racist term ""Yellow Peril"" used to sow fear of Asian influence, while authorities and schools in Toronto, Canada, have warned against discrimination against Chinese Canadians.
""Orientalist assumptions plus political distrust plus health concerns are a pretty powerful combination,"" said Charlotte Setijadi, and anthropologist who teaches at Singapore Management University.
Chinese authorities have said the virus emerged from a market selling illegally traded wildlife, giving rise to widespread social media mocking of China's demand for exotic delicacies and ingredients for traditional medicine.
""Stop eating bats,"" said one Twitter user in Thailand, the top destination for Chinese tourists. ""Not surprising that the Chinese are making new diseases,"" another Thai user posted alongside a video clip that showed a man eating raw meat.
China's foreign ministry did not immediately respond to a faxed request for comment. China has said the virus outbreak should not be politicized.
""Because your country is beginning (to) spread disease...we do not accept to serve the guest from China,"" read a sign in English outside the Danang Riverside hotel in the central Vietnamese city of the same name. Authorities later told the hotel to remove the sign, its manager said in a Facebook post.
Vietnam, which was under Chinese occupation centuries ago and contests Beijing's sweeping maritime claims in the South China Sea, has particularly fraught relations with China.
But it is not alone in the region.
Over 60 percent of respondents to a poll of Southeast Asian officials, academics and other professionals said in a survey this month that they distrusted China. Nearly 40 percent said they thought China was ""a revisionist power and intends to turn Southeast Asia into its sphere of influence"". The survey did not mention the virus.
TRAVEL BANS
Many countries have imposed visa restrictions on travelers from Hubei province - the epicenter of the virus - while some airlines have suspended all direct flights to mainland China.
But this is not enough for hundreds of thousands of people in South Korea and Malaysia who have signed online petitions urging authorities to ban Chinese from visiting their countries.
In an unusual move, Samal Island in the southern Philippines on Thursday banned not just tourists from China but from all countries affected by the coronavirus to the popular beach spot. China's boom in outbound tourism has created a pattern of international travel unprecedented in human history and driven the growth of businesses to serve Chinese travelers around the world. From a trickle in the 1980s, Chinese tourist numbers grew to estimates of more than 160 million in 2019."
In which countries are there cases of Corona virus? . 	"In which countries are there cases of Corona virus? , Which country has corona?
The world entered the year 2020 by celebrating. But the year 2020 does not seem to like the world. The reason for this is that even though January is just over, Iran has dropped a plane, earthquakes and newly released viruses re-enter our lives. A disaster awaits the world? We are not competent to answer this and hope that it won’t happen. We will only present a map of countries that have met the Corona virus until 3.02.2020. WHO was taken as the source. Data is visualized with Tableau. In fact, there was no need for visualization because big data companies can make visualizations both live and understandable. But we thought he should do a Corona virus mapping on Datatay.com. Today we share to you that In which countries are there cases of Corona virus?
Before we go to the visualizations, we want you to enter this site which gives much newer and better results. You can find the total number of confirmed cases, deaths from the corona virus and many more data from this site.
Our analysis is much simpler and simpler. But we think it will be useful.
We got the data from WHO to make this map. If you are wondering, you can look at the following catalogs. Click here and access data published by WHO about corona virus.
The visualization above only shows China and the number of cases in the provinces in China. There are 11,177 confirmed cases where the Hubei Corona virus originated. In the first link we provide, you can see how many of these cases resulted in death and how many were saved. We are not in a position to offer them to you, as they are constantly updated.
The visualization above shows how many cases have been approved in which country. Please note that there are more cases in Europe than in America.
Despite the fact that the highest number of cases are in China nowadays, the incidence of corona virus in India also worried everyone. We hope that the Corona virus will end soon, and people can return to their daily problems again.
It is possible to say that the article here is promising. If this is the case, it is possible to say that the Corona virus will end soon and will be taken under control.
Today we share to you that In which countries are there cases of Corona virus? In which countries are there cases of Corona virus? "
Can imported Chinese goods (and cars) carry 2019-nCoV?. 	"We're all worried about the spread of the novel (new) coronavirus (2019-nCoV) from Wuhan, China. The first case was confirmed by the Philippine Department of Health a few days ago, and the government has taken precautions like banning the entry of travelers from the People's Republic of China (PRC) and its Special Administrative Regions like Hong Kong and Macau.
But there is a question that many of us want answered:
Can goods imported from China carry 2019-nCoV or other viruses?
Silly as it may sound, it's a valid concern. While avoiding close contact (estimated to be at 2 meters radius) with individuals who have been to China or are from China is somewhat possible, it's impossible to avoid contact with Chinese-made goods in the Philippines or anywhere else in the world for that matter.
China is the top import source of the Philippines, bar none. In 2018, we imported USD 21.39 billion worth of goods from PRC. The lions share of the imported goods were, as expected, electronic in nature. And with the popularity of platforms such as Lazada and Shopee with goods that are directly shipped from suppliers in China, is there a chance that the virus could come in with your next cash-on-delivery order?
What about cars? Chinese cars are starting to become more common on our roads with the entry of many new brands in the market at very attractive price points.
We had wanted to ask officials from the Philippine Department of Health (DOH) regarding the matter, but they're understandably busy. We did, however, get a somewhat clearer answer from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in the US.
According to their official information (which is still being updated) the CDC says that there are still a lot of unknowns with regards to the current outbreak, but given the similarities that 2019-nCoV has with two other coronavirus outbreaks (SARS and MERS), the information gathered from those instances can be used to formulate risk factors.
The CDC says that coronaviruses like SARS and MERS have “poor survivability” on surfaces, which is a good thing. They say that the risk factor is low with products from China given that the coronaviruses -if somehow present on manufactured goods- will have to survive for days or weeks whilst being shipped at ambient temperatures.
The CDC says “there is no evidence to support transmission of 2019-nCoV associated with imported goods” nor are there 2019-nCoV cases in the US that are associated with contact with imported items from China.
While the CDC does state the information with regards to goods sent from China to the U.S., shipping from the PRC to the Philippines still takes a couple of days. In the matter of automobiles, that takes a few weeks.
If an infected factory worker or exposed courier in China somehow coughed on an iPhone, your Lazada order, or your new Chinese-made car, the chances of a coronavirus surviving in transit appears to be low."
How to Win an Argument with God: A Lesson Sponsored by the Corona Virus. 	"Ever since I participated in debate competitions in high school and maybe before, I have relished the occasional thrill of winning an argument against a smart opponent. Forgive me for bragging, but I can rightfully boast some pretty impressive victories, especially my many victories against the smartest opponent of all: God. That sounds pretty amazing, I know, but I've discovered that it's relatively easy to win arguments against Him. In fact, I won several in a row in the past few weeks.
The key to winning the argument is first listening so you can know what to argue against. Prayer is a great way to get started. Pray and seek for guidance in some aspect of your life. Humbly sense that guidance. Feel free to write it down. And then, think carefully of all the reasons why it is ridiculous and doesn't apply to you. Strong logical skills are a plus here if you want a decisive victory. Provide your reasons, dismiss His suggestion, and voila, you are likely to win because I've found that He often doesn't do much of a rebuttal.
God, in fact, is a terrible debater. No offense, but it's true. In debate, after one side critiques your proposal, it's important to carefully respond to and rebut each argument they have raised. God, I'm sad to say, is rather week in this regard. Although He's the Ultimate in intelligence, His mastery of debate techniques seems to pale in comparison with the skills most of us mortals have.
For example, two months ago, in praying for guidance on the things I needed to do, I had a distinct impression: go to the Shanghai office of Woori Bank (a Korean bank that was said to be a relatively safe place to park some money in a world where many banks are now close to insolvency) and take out the money I had there in an unusual US dollar account. It wasn't much, but wasn't trivial. I actually wrote that down on my to-do list for that week. I would write it down again for two or three more weeks after that. I came close to going right before our recent trip to Vietnam, but fortunately was able to come up with some very logical reasons about why there was no need to do that. I would be 6 months before I left China and had plenty of time, and the time I took to do that in January would be time I couldn't do some important things for my work, my callings, whatever. It just made no sense, and I provided persuasive reasons why I could delay that prompting. No rebuttal. God walked away. Bingo, I won! Such an easy victory. (I say that with all due respect.)
I had similar victories as I was packing and preparing for our short trip to Vietnam almost a month ago. I was repeatedly prompted to bring my journal, to bring a backup hard disk, to bring extra cash, to bring a an unnecessarily large supply of medication, and most strangely of all, to bring some of my collection of magic tricks that I use daily when I am around my grandchildren. My arguments were to the point and overwhelmingly persuasive: ""There's no way I'm going to be doing magic tricks for Vietnamese kids. There's no need for extra cash in Vietnam and it could be stolen. I need to travel light, so my heavy journal will be a burden that I can deal with after my short trip. And bringing my backup disk puts me at risk of having it and my computer stolen while traveling -- a disaster."" God just didn't have any reply to such persuasiveness. Victory, victory, victory! So sweet.
On the other hand , now that the Corona virus has swept across China and made it impossible or unwise to return home to Shanghai after my short trip to Vietnam, causing my wife and I to flee to the US as ""medical refugees,"" where we are now hanging out with family, I can somewhat admit that some of those illogical suggestions might have been slightly useful after all. Since I may not be able to return to China before my visa expires, I may not ever see that money at Woori Bank. I called them yesterday and they explained that for my protection, the only way they will ever let me access the US dollars in my account is to show up at their office in Shanghai with my passport (and visa, of course). The good news, though, is that if I die and my wife can provide proper documentation and evidence of death, she may have a chance of getting some of it if she also goes to China. The helpful employee I reached was chuckling over my situation and the impact of China's and the bank's regulations. Hilarious, I know! My other bank accounts have ATM cards that allow me to withdraw money here in the US, but not that special US dollar account with the appropriately named Woori Bank.
The journal, with some precious accounts, would have been nice. The medication would have been useful but I found some more in Vietnam. The hard disk would have been helpful, but I bought another. The magic tricks, well, surprisingly, they would really come in handy now that I am staying much of the time with a family of six grandchildren who are magic addicts and visiting another grandchild in Minnesota tonight who also loves magic. So, grudgingly, I can sort of see some point to some of my Opponent's suggestions, but that doesn't change the fact that I absolutely won the argument -- and lost some valuable resources and time, while gaining some unnecessary worries.
I guess winning arguments is not always the best policy when dealing with God. Yes, I'll acknowledge His awesome intelligence, but wish He were a more vigorous debater so it wouldn't always be so easy for me to win.
Mercifully, we may have found a way to retrieve the journal and some other much-needed items. I'll report on that story in a few days, which abounds in examples of the great kindness of some foreign and local friends in China who made that possible as an answer to prayer (it was also a rare example of me finally not arguing when there was a good argument to be made against an implausible suggestion). God may not be the best debater by human standards, but He often helps us find second chances or new paths forward after we make major blunders in our lives (sometimes as a result of a very persuasive win in our debates with God). Keep seeking Him and listening to His guidance, in whatever situation you are in. He may have some interesting things for your to-do list, whether it's something small that might help you to bless your neighbor, relieve someone in distress, solve major problems in your life, or prepare to flee your home on your own journey to somewhere unexpected."
The corona virus in nj Diaries. 	"Kristian Andersen, an infectious-illness researcher at Scripps Investigate in La Jolla, California, will not be worried about the virus turning out to be much more virulent. He suggests that viruses frequently mutate as part of their everyday living cycle, but those mutations don’t ordinarily make the virus more virulent or bring about much more significant disease. “I'm able to’t think of any samples of this acquiring happened by having an outbreak pathogen,” he suggests.Health officers say the risk of the coronavirus showing up in New Jersey – also known as ""nCoV"" – is really ""reduced."" Even so the DOH – with support from hospitals and the Facilities for Ailment Management and Avoidance – has proven a central webpage of resources to aid.That doesn’t, nonetheless, imply American officers count on the US to generally be inundated with dozens of clients or the virus will unfold broadly inside the region.As the outbreak distribute, China deployed military Medical doctors and officers to oversee the shipping of health-related supplies plus the short term hospital that was inbuilt just over every week’s time.A minimum of two folks ended up taken from the Anthem from the Seas cruise ship in stretchers this morning Four passengers aboard the ship had been transported to College Medical center in Newark and a minimum of two of these were taken out on stretchers, NBC News described.China has had previous working experience addressing general public health and fitness outbreaks, including the H1N1 swine flu in 2009-2010 and SARS in 2003. In spite of this encounter, public medical issues, in addition to organic and environmental disasters, pose an important exam into the Chinese Communist Social gathering apparatus. How versatile, responsive, and nimble will the bureaucracy be when confronted with this sort of unforeseen challenges?Even bat feces is purported to get rid of almost everything from poor eyesight to childhood malnutrition in Chinese medicinal circles, reviews the Yin Yang Home.CORRECTION: An previously version of the story reported bat soup had been associated with the spread of coronavirus, but there is no evidence to propose this. Bats are certainly one of many animals bought at marketplace in China which could host the virusMeanwhile, to check here ensure continued guidance, we've been displaying the website devoid of here models and JavaScript.Customers are pictured inside of a supermarket in Wuhan, wherever folks are complaining that food costs have risen and movies showed men and women scrapping more than groceries (Photo taken right now, January 23) The letter also points out the Office includes a central nCoV webpage that features CDC updates, travel advisories and direction sent to well being treatment vendors, regional well being departments, infection preventionists and various well being partners.Not going is additionally genuinely productive, idk you might not have to worry but Furthermore, it being overprotective is better than almost nothing, because you're going to the highest populated areas with coronavirus, apart from mainland china by itself.“It’s usually an indication of alarm when that comes about,” he added, as it usually means the virus might be conveniently transmitted, even in check here settings where by consumers are having safeguards. six) Exactly read more what are the symptoms of The brand new coronavirus? Two from the seven coronaviruses that infect human beings, SARS and MERS, could potentially cause critical pneumonia as well as death. The rest bring on best meals on gold coast milder symptoms, like a typical chilly. For the time being, it’s not obvious wherever 2019-nCoV falls on that spectrum. An early report, posted in theThe Point out Section has issued a degree four journey advisory telling folks not to journey to China due to the outbreak."
Corona scare hits eatery business in Kolkata’s li’l China,. 	"The Coronavirus scare has spread to Kolkata’s China Town, a pocket famous for authentic Chinese dishes and home to a crop of settlers who identify themselves as descendants of immigrants from the land of the dragon.
While the toll in the deadly virus outbreak in China has already crossed 200, one confirmed case has been reported in Kerala. The outbreak has even resulted in the lockdown of several Chinese cities.
With fear rife around the deadly viral outbreak, several popular eateries China Town have reported a marked dip in footfall and over 50 per cent drop in daily business. The pocket in east Kolkata is currently home to around 2,000 of Chinese origin. The eateries, which once buzzed with customers, have been virtually going empty since word of the virus outbreak got out.
The restaurant owners said they last visited their homeland decades ago and even their relatives haven’t set foot to Beijing in the recent past. “Most of my employees are residents of Kolkata. I procure all ingredients required for the food from the local market. I import nothing from China. This fear (of contamination) is unfounded. The panic over the disease is affecting my business. The footfall has dropped to half over the last one week,” Monia Liu, the owner of a restaurant, said.
Lee Chien, another eatery owner, said, “Only a handful of youngsters visit us now and then. Through them, we are trying to deliver a message that there’s nothing to fear and all is well with China Town.”"
WHO says, “The Corona Virus Response should be an Investment, not a Panic”. 	"At the 146th World Health Organization Executive Board meeting at Geneva, Switzerland, on February 3, WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Gebre Jesus said he appreciated China’s efforts to fight the new Korona virus pneumonia and its effective control.
​
He then stressed that it is important for countries around the world to invest in preparation for these diseases, not panic, in order to fight them.
​
The World Health Organization will send a team of international experts to China this week at the earliest to investigate the outbreak of the new coronavirus.
​
It explains that China also agreed on the dispatch. The international team of experts will also collaborate with Chinese experts. Through this, it expects to increase understanding of the outbreak of the new coronavirus and lead international response efforts.


​
​"
corona virus epidemic. 	"I keep being asked about the coronavirus, and have been noncommittal about it, because there was not a lot of information to go on.
But now there is more information, so I will say a little.
1. Anthony Fauci, head of the NIH's infectious disease branch, said the death rate is 1-2% and that this may be compared to an average influenza virus, which has a mortality rate of 0.1%.
If his numbers are based on reported estimates that 100,000 are infected and 1500 have died, his mortality estimate is too low. You have to look at one whole group that was infected at the same time, then look at the total number of them who died , after the rest have recovered, to estimate mortality. I am not aware of good stats on this yet.
2. I heard the R zero number (an estimate of how many people are, on average, infected by a single person with coronavirus) is 3-4. If so, the coronavirus is less infectious than measles and roughly as infectious as many other infections .
3. What is the mechanism by which the virus kills? This needs to be answered in order to devise effective treatments.
A Chinese article published this week suggested that cytokine levels are higher in coronavirus patients than controls. But are patients dying from cytokine storm? This was not revealed.
During the 2009 swine flu pandemic, pregnant women in Australia were reported to be dying as a result of thick, infected mucus plugging their airways, preventing gas exchange in the lungs. (Gas exchange involves carbon dioxide leaving the blood and oxygen entering the blood as it traverses the lungs.)
While there was not much media attention given to the topic, the use of ECMO to temporarily fill in for the lungs, until the body can repair itself, saved a number of lives then. ECMO stands for extracorporeal membrane oxygenation, in other words, oxygenating the blood using a machine.
There are not many of these machines around, likely only a few in every state. If patients with good lungs are dying due to temporary respiratory failure, then ECMO might be a lifesaver.
Here is a list of ECMO sites . 822 centers with the devices are listed.
UPDATE Feb 8: from a Straits Times interview with a doctor of acute medicine at Wuhan University south central hospital:
""How do you treat serious and life-threatening cases?
Peng: For serious and life-threatening cases, our main approach is to provide oxygen, high-volume oxygen. At first noninvasive machine-pumped oxygen, followed by intubated oxygen if conditions worsen. For life-threatening cases, we use Ecmo (extracorporeal membrane oxygenation, or pumping the patient's blood through an artificial lung machine). In four cases, we applied Ecmo to rescue patients from the verge of death."" 4. Is this novel Coronavirus something that escaped from a lab, or perhaps was deliberately released? You know as much as I do about that one. If sufficient information is available in the future, I will comment on it then.
"
LaTribuna Christian Publishing Reports on How to Protect Ourselves and Our Loved Ones from The Corona-Virus. 	"Chaplain Paul Vescio has served as a Community Chaplain in healthcare for over ten years now and has written an e-book entitled How To Protect Our Families in American Health Care.
Chaplain Paul Vescio CEO of LaTribuna Christian Publishing is Quote: d saying, The flu and the Corona-Virus is yet another wake up call in a long string of very harmful viruses. The question is, how to better protect our selves and our loved ones from possible infection? The answer or I should say part of the solution is in washing hands often, The CDC recommends washing hands often in order to reduce the risk of infection. Think about how many things we touch in a single day. The gas pump and the credit card machines, the elevator buttons, all of the buttons at the self checkout at the grocery store. The grocery cart, door handles, faucets, our cell phones, computer keys, handles, money, we touch and handle things in the store all the time. The list goes on and on and we don’t even think about the fact that infection is easily spread this way.
Chaplain Paul was also Quote: d saying, If you or someone in your family is dealing with the flu then it wouldn’t hurt to have that person wear a surgical mask and gloves. This helps to reduce the spread of infection in hospitals. If you or some one in your family works in a nursing home or hospital setting then have them remove their shoes when they return home. Use bleach wipes to disinfect shoes. Wipe down all can goods, bottles and containers before bringing them into your home.
Chaplain Paul was also Quote: d saying, wash your hands, wash your hands, wash your hands often, as a Community Chaplain I see all to often how easy infection spreads in a hospital setting. Remember try not to cough or sneeze into your hands, stay home if you are sick. Do not visit anyone in a hospital or nursing home setting if you are sick or even have a cold. Above all pray for God’s guidance, protection and love in these matters and remember what proverbs 3:5-6 teaches, Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding in all your ways acknowledge Him and He shall direct your paths…Amen”
LaTribuna Christian Publishing supports educating the public on how infection spreads and how we as a nation can best prevent the spreading of infection. For more information about LaTribuna Christian Publishing please visit our web-sites at www.latribunachristianpublishing316.com and www.miraclesofkingman.com
"
The Corona Virus Hysteria: Was China Being Set Up?. 	"I have been watching the continuing hysteria that is being pushed even today by the criminals in the Jew spew media, and suffice to say they have FAILED in their attempts to have everyone cower in fear due to this ""Coronavirus epidemic"" that absolutely is failing to materialize....
What people do need to understand that in spite of the continuing hype and fear mongering, the number of actual victims of this ""epidemic"" is now levelling off and there is evidence that it is actually on the decline.... Oh sure, there will still be some 'deaths' due to this virus but in comparison to those who will possibly die from the seasonal Influenza ""epidemic"" those numbers will continue to be minuscule in comparison...
So what happened? Well, the Chinese administration did the right thing right off the bat and basically quarantine a large segment of their population centred around the original outbreak area in Wuhan province and city... And yes, even though some people flew out of that area into other countries, their impact has also been minuscule due to government officials doing the right thing and quarantining them as well.... AND the virus itself failed to ""mutate"" into a more deadly form and the majority of those who came down with the disease basically rode it out and many have recovered.... The actual number of REAL patients from this disease outbreak has now levelled off at around 30000 with the number of dead well under the 300 mark... That again is so small in comparison to the supposed ""hundreds of thousands"" who annually die from Influenza!
And yes, we are left with a LOT of puzzling questions... I showed in two previous articles that there is something very strange in regards to ""Coronavirus 2019-nCoV"", especially in its make up that it contained strains of HIV-1 and was ""race specific"" in that it would readily attach itself to the lung tissue of Asian victims Apparently what has not been told by the liars in the Jew spew media is the fact that almost 100% of the victims are indeed ASIAN! A RACE specific disease that has the earmarks of containing HIV? There is indeed so much that is being not told to the general public about this ""disease"", and I am continuing my research to present facts to readers here....
One thing that I found very peculiar is the involvement of DARPA, which is the US evil Pentagon's Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency, and has been involved in the evil and sinister development of ""biological weapons"" at different facilities across the planet... And lo and behold but we find DARPA heavily involved in that ""biological"" facility in Wuhan, China where this ""Coronavirus"" outbreak apparently originated! As I had stated in a several articles, this ""Coronavirus 2019-nCoV"" could not possibly be a NATURAL virus for its makeup shows all the earmarks of being artificially created in a laboratory....
AND we have some recent articles that first appeared after this initial ""outbreak"" trying to sway peoples' opinions towards this virus appearing due to residents in Wuhan China loving a local ""delicacy' of ""bat soup"" and other bat related foods... Yes, there definitely was something being put into people's minds on purpose with all of these misleading original reports about this virus, and with that I decided to dig a bit deeper and came up with something that indeed is quite sinister and may point to someone wanting to actually have China itself set up to fall!
Well, with all that in mind, I do want to present the following very interesting report, that comes from the ""Last American Vagabond"" website, at www.thelastamericanvagabond.com, that is entitled: ""Bats, Gene Editing And Bioweapons: Recent DARPA Experiments Raise Concerns Amid Coronavirus Outbreak"" It is a very long and thorough report that shows a definitive link between the twisted and criminal workings of DARPA and this ""epidemic"" outbreak of the Coronavirus itself... Here is that report for all to see here, and I do have my own thoughts and comments to follow:
BATS, GENE EDITING AND BIOWEAPONS: RECENT DARPA EXPERIMENTS RAISE CONCERNS AMID CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK
 30 JAN 2020 POSTED BY WHITNEY WEBB
DARPA RECENTLY SPENT MILLIONS ON RESEARCH INVOLVING BATS AND CORONAVIRUSES, AS WELL AS GENE EDITING “BIOWEAPONS” PRIOR TO THE RECENT CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK. NOW, “STRATEGIC ALLIES” OF THE AGENCY HAVE BEEN CHOSEN TO DEVELOP A GENETIC MATERIAL-BASED VACCINE TO HALT THE POTENTIAL EPIDEMIC. WASHINGTON D.C. – In recent weeks, concern over the emergence of a novel coronavirus in China has grown exponentially as media, experts and government officials around the world have openly worried that this new disease has the potential to develop into a global pandemic. As concerns about the future of the ongoing outbreak have grown, so too have the number of theories speculating about the outbreak’s origin, many of which blame a variety of state actors and/or controversial billionaires. This has inevitably led to efforts to clamp down on “misinformation” related to the coronavirus outbreak from both mainstream media outlets and major social media platforms. However, while many of these theories are clearly speculative, there is also verifiable evidence regarding the recent interest of one controversial U.S. government agency in novel coronaviruses, specifically those transmitted from bats to humans. That agency, the Pentagon’s Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (DARPA), began spending millions on such research in 2018 and some of those Pentagon-funded studies were conducted at known U.S. military bioweapons labs bordering China and resulted in the discovery of dozens of new coronavirus strains as recently as last April. Furthermore, the ties of the Pentagon’s main biodefense lab to a virology institute in Wuhan, China — where the current outbreak is believed to have begun — have been unreported in English language media thus far. While it remains entirely unknown as to what caused the outbreak, the details of DARPA’s and the Pentagon’s recent experimentation are clearly in the public interest, especially considering that the very companies recently chosen to develop a vaccine to combat the coronavirus outbreak are themselves strategic allies of DARPA. Not only that, but these DARPA-backed companies are developing controversial DNA and mRNA vaccines for this particular coronavirus strain, a category of vaccine that has never previously been approved for human use in the United States. Yet, as fears of the pandemic potential of coronavirus grow, these vaccines are set to be rushed to market for public use, making it important for the public to be aware of DARPA’s recent experiments on coronaviruses, bats and gene editing technologies and their broader implications. EXAMINING THE RECENT WUHAN-BIOWEAPON NARRATIVE As the coronavirus outbreak has come to dominate headlines in recent weeks, several media outlets have promoted claims that the reported epicenter of the outbreak in Wuhan, China was also the site of laboratories allegedly linked to a Chinese government biowarfare program. However, upon further examination of the sourcing for this serious claim, these supposed links between the outbreak and an alleged Chinese bioweapons program have come from two highly dubious sources. For instance, the first outlet to report on this claim was Radio Free Asia , the U.S.-government funded media outlet targeting Asian audiences that used to be run covertly by the CIA and named by the New York Times as a key part in the agency’s “ worldwide propaganda network .” Though it is no longer run directly by the CIA, it is now managed by the government-funded Broadcasting Board of Governors (BBG), which answers directly to Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, who was CIA director immediately prior to his current post at the head of the State Department. In other words, Radio Free Asia and other BBG-managed media outlets are legal outlets for U.S. government propaganda. Notably, the long-standing ban on the domestic use of U.S. government propaganda on U.S. citizens was lifted in 2013 , with the official justification of allowing the government to “effectively communicate in a credible way” and to better combat “al-Qaeda’s and other violent extremists’ influence.” Returning to the subject at hand, Radio Free Asia ’s recent report on the alleged origins of the outbreak being linked to a Chinese state-linked virology center cited only Ren Ruihong, the former head of the medical assistance department at the Chinese Red Cross, for that claim. Ruihong has been cited as an expert in several Radio Free Asia reports on disease outbreaks in China, but has not been cited as an expert by any other English-language media outlet. Ruihong told Radio Free Asia that: “It’s a new type of mutant coronavirus.They haven’t made public the genetic sequence, because it is highly contagious…Genetic engineering technology has gotten to such a point now, and Wuhan is home to a viral research center that is under the aegis of the China Academy of Sciences, which is the highest level of research facility in China.” Though Ruihong did not directly say that the Chinese government was making a bioweapon at the Wuhan facility, she did imply that genetic experiments at the facility may have resulted in the creation of this new “mutant coronavirus” at the center of the outbreak. With Radio Free Asia and its single source having speculated about Chinese government links to the creation of the new coronavirus, the Washington Times soon took it much farther in a report titled “ Virus-hit Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program .” That article, much like Radio Free Asia ’s earlier report, cites a single source for that claim, former Israeli military intelligence biowarfare specialist Dany Shoham. Yet, upon reading the article, Shoham does not even directly make the claim cited in the article’s headline, as he only told the Washington Times that: “Certain laboratories in the [Wuhan] institute have probably been engaged, in terms of research and development, in Chinese [biological weapons], at least collaterally , yet not as a principal facility of the Chinese BW alignment (emphasis added).” While Shoham’s claims are clearly speculative, it is telling that the Washington Times would bother to cite him at all, especially given the key role he played in promoting false claims that the 2001 Anthrax attacks was the work of Iraq’s Saddam Hussein . Shoham’s assertions about Iraq’s government and weaponized Anthrax, which were used to bolster the case for the 2003 invasion of Iraq , have since been proven completely false, as Iraq was found to have neither the chemical or biological “weapons of mass destruction” that “experts” like Shoham had claimed. Beyond Shoham’s own history of making suspect claims, it is also worth noting that Shoham’s previous employer, Israeli military intelligence, has a troubling past with bioweapons. For instance, in the late 1990s, it was reported by several outlets that Israel was in the process of developing a genetic bioweapon that would target Arabs, specifically Iraqis, but leave Israeli Jews unaffected. Given the dubious past of Shoham and the clearly speculative nature of both his claims and those made in the Radio Free Asia report, one passage in the Washington Times article is particularly telling about why these claims have recently surfaced: “One ominous sign, said a U.S. official, is that the false rumors since the outbreak began several weeks ago have begun circulating on the Chinese Internet claiming the virus is part of a U.S. conspiracy to spread germ weapons . That could indicate China is preparing propaganda outlets to counter future charges the new virus escaped from one of Wuhan’s civilian or defense research laboratories (emphasis added).” However, as seen in that very article, accusations that the coronavirus escaped from a Chinese-state-linked laboratory is hardly a future charge as both the Washington Times and Radio Free Asia have already been making that claim. Instead, what this passage suggests is that the reports in both Radio Free Asia and the Washington Times were responses to the claims circulating within China that the outbreak is linked to a “U.S. conspiracy to spread germ weapons.” Though most English-language media outlets to date have not examined such a possibility, there is considerable supporting evidence that deserves to be examined. For instance, not only was the U.S. military, including its controversial research arm — the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), recently funding studies in and near China that discovered new, mutant coronaviruses originating from bats, but the Pentagon also became recently concerned about the potential use of bats as bioweapons.
BATS AS BIOWEAPONS As the ongoing coronavirus outbreak centered in China has spread to other countries and been blamed for a growing number of deaths, a consensus has emerged that this particular virus, currently classified as a “novel [i.e. new] coronavirus,” is believed to have originated in bats and was transmitted to humans in Wuhan, China via a seafood market that also traded exotic animals . So-called “wet” markets, like the one in Wuhan, were previously blamed for past deadly coronavirus outbreaks in China, such as the 2003 outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). In addition, one preliminary study on the coronavirus responsible for the current outbreak found that the receptor, Angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), is not only the same as that used by the SARS coronavirus, but that East Asians present a much higher ratio of lung cells that express that receptor than the other ethnicities (Caucasian and African-American) included in the study. However, such findings are preliminary and the sample size is too small to draw any definitive conclusions from that preliminary data. Two years ago, media reports began discussing the Pentagon’s sudden concern that bats could be used as biological weapons, particularly in spreading coronaviruses and other deadly diseases. The Washington Post asserted that the Pentagon’s interest in investigating the potential use of bats to spread weaponized and deadly diseases was because of alleged Russian efforts to do the same. However, those claims regarding this Russian interest in using bats as bioweapons date back to the 1980s when the Soviet Union engaged in covert research involving the Marburg virus, research that did not even involve bats and which ended with the Soviet Union’s collapse in 1991. Like much of the Pentagon’s controversial research programs, the bats as bioweapons research has been framed as defensive , despite the fact that no imminent threat involving bat-propagated bioweapons has been acknowledged. However, independent scientists have recently accused the Pentagon, particularly its research arm DARPA, of claiming to be engaged in research it says is “defensive” but is actually “offensive.” The most recent example of this involved DARPA’s “Insect Allies” program , which officially “aims to protect the U.S. agricultural food supply by delivering protective genes to plants via insects, which are responsible for the transmission of most plant viruses” and to ensure “food security in the event of a major threat,” according to both DARPA and media reports . However, a group of well-respected, independent scientists revealed in a scathing analysis of the program that, far from a “defensive” research project, the Insect Allies program was aimed at creating and delivering “new class of biological weapon.” The scientists, writing in the journal Science and led by Richard Guy Reeves, from the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Biology in Germany, warned that DARPA’s program — which uses insects as the vehicle for as horizontal environmental genetic alteration agents (HEGAAS) — revealed “an intention to develop a means of delivery of HEGAAs for offensive purposes (emphasis added).” Whatever the real motivation behind the Pentagon’s sudden and recent concern about bats being used as a vehicle for bioweapons, the U.S. military has spent millions of dollars over the past several years funding research on bats, the deadly viruses they can harbor — including coronaviruses — and how those viruses are transmitted from bats to humans. For instance, DARPA spent $10 million on one project in 2018 “to unravel the complex causes of bat-borne viruses that have recently made the jump to humans, causing concern among global health officials.” Another research project backed by both DARPA and NIH saw researchers at Colorado State University examine the coronavirus that causes Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) in bats and camels “to understand the role of these hosts in transmitting disease to humans.” Other U.S. military-funded studies, discussed in detail later in this report, discovered several new strains of novel coronaviruses carried by bats, both within China and in countries bordering China. Many of these recent research projects are related to DARPA’s Preventing Emerging Pathogenic Threats, or PREEMPT program , which was officially announced in April 2018. PREEMPT focuses specifically on animal reservoirs of disease, specifically bats, and DARPA even noted in its press release in the program that it “is aware of biosafety and biosecurity sensitivities that could arise” due to the nature of the research. DARPA’s announcement for PREEMPT came just a few months after the U.S. government decided to controversially end a moratorium on so-called “gain-of-function” studies involving dangerous pathogens. VICE News explained “gain-of-function” studies as follows: “Known as ‘gain-of-function’ studies, this type of research is ostensibly about trying to stay one step ahead of nature. By making super-viruses that are more pathogenic and easily transmissibl e, scientists are able to study the way these viruses may evolve and how genetic changes affect the way a virus interacts with its host. Using this information, the scientists can try to pre-empt the natural emergence of these traits by developing antiviral medications that are capable of staving off a pandemic (emphasis added).” In addition, while both DARPA’s PREEMPT program and the Pentagon’s open interest in bats as bioweapons were announced in 2018, the U.S. military — specifically the Department of Defense’s Cooperative Threat Reduction Program — began funding research involving bats and deadly pathogens , including the coronaviruses MERS and SARS, a year prior in 2017. One of those studies focused on “Bat-Borne Zoonotic Disease Emergence in Western Asia” and involved the Lugar Center in Georgia, identified by former Georgian government officials , the Russian government and independent, investigative journalist Dilyana Gaytandzhieva as a covert U.S. bioweapons lab. It is also important to point out the fact that the U.S. military’s key laboratories involving the study of deadly pathogens, including coronaviruses, Ebola and others, was suddenly shut down last July after the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) identified major “biosafety lapses” at the facility . The U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases (USAMRIID) facility at Fort Detrick, Maryland — the U.S. military’s lead laboratory for “biological defense” research since the late 1960s — was forced to halt all research it was conducting with a series of deadly pathogens after the CDC found that it lacked “sufficient systems in place to decontaminate wastewater” from its highest-security labs and failure of staff to follow safety procedures, among other lapses. The facility contains both level 3 and level 4 biosafety labs. While it is unknown if experiments involving coronaviruses were ongoing at the time, USAMRIID has recently been involved in research borne out of the Pentagon’s recent concern about the use of bats as bioweapons. The decision to shut down USAMRIID garnered surprisingly little media coverage, as did the CDC’s surprising decision to allow the troubled facility to “partially resume” research late last November even though the facility was and is still not at “full operational capability . ” The USAMRIID’s problematic record of safety at such facilities is of particular concern in light of the recent coronavirus outbreak in China. As this report will soon reveal, this is because USAMRIID has a decades-old and close partnership with the University of Wuhan’s Institute of Medical Virology, which is located in the epicenter of the current outbreak. THE PENTAGON IN WUHAN? Beyond the U.S. military’s recent expenditures on and interest in the use of bats of bioweapons, it is also worth examining the recent studies the military has funded regarding bats and “novel coronaviruses,” such as that behind the recent outbreak, that have taken place within or in close proximity to China. For instance, one study conducted in Southern China in 2018 resulted in the discovery of 89 new “novel bat coronavirus” strains that use the same receptor as the coronavirus known as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS). That study was jointly funded by the Chinese government’s Ministry of Science and Technology, USAID — an organization long alleged to be a front for U.S. intelligence , and the U.S. National Institute of Health — which has collaborated with both the CIA and the Pentagon on infectious disease and bioweapons research. The authors of the study also sequenced the complete genomes for two of those strains and also noted that existing MERS vaccines would be ineffective in targeting these viruses, leading them to suggest that one should be developed in advance. This did not occur. Another U.S. government-funded study that discovered still more new strains of “novel bat coronavirus” was published just last year. Titled “ Discovery and Characterization of Novel Bat Coronavirus Lineages from Kazakhstan ,” focused on “the bat fauna of central Asia, which link China to eastern Europe” and the novel bat coronavirus lineages discovered during the study were found to be “closely related to bat coronaviruses from China, France, Spain, and South Africa, suggesting that co-circulation of coronaviruses is common in multiple bat species with overlapping geographical distributions.” In other words, the coronaviruses discovered in this study were identified in bat populations that migrate between China and Kazakhstan, among other countries, and is closely related to bat coronaviruses in several countries, including China. The study was entirely funded by the U.S. Department of Defense, specifically the Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) as part of a project investigating coronaviruses similar to MERS, such as the aforementioned 2018 study. Yet, beyond the funding of this 2019 study, the institutions involved in conducting this study are also worth noting given their own close ties to the U.S. military and government. The study’s authors are affiliated with either the Kazakhstan-based Research Institute for Biological Safety Problems and/or Duke University. The Research Institute for Biological Safety Problems, though officially a part of Kazakhstan’s National Center for Biotechnology, has received millions from the U.S. government, most of it coming from the Pentagon’s Cooperative Threat Reduction Program . It is the Kazakhstan government’s official depository of “highly dangerous animal and bird infections, with a collection of 278 pathogenic strains of 46 infectious diseases.” It is part of a network of Pentagon-funded “bioweapons labs” throughout the Central Asian country, which borders both of the U.S.’ top rival states — China and Russia. Duke University’s involvement with this study is also interesting given that Duke is a key partner of DARPA’s Pandemic Prevention Platform (P3) program , which officially aims “to dramatically accelerate discovery, integration, pre-clinical testing, and manufacturing of medical countermeasures against infectious diseases.” The first step of the Duke/DARPA program involves the discovery of potentially threatening viruses and “ develop[ing] methods to support viral propagation , so that virus can be used for downstream studies.” Duke University is also jointly partnered with China’s Wuhan University, which is based in the city where the current coronavirus outbreak began, which resulted in the opening of the China-based Duke Kunshan University (DKU) in 2018. Notably, China’s Wuhan University — in addition to its partnership with Duke — also includes a multi-lab Institute of Medical Virology that has worked closely with the US Army Medical Research Institute for Infectious Diseases since the 1980s, according to its website . As previously noted, the USAMRIID facility in the U.S. was shut down last July for failures to abide by biosafety and proper waste disposal procedures, but was allowed to partially resume some experiments late last November. THE PENTAGON’S DARK HISTORY OF GERM WARFARE The U.S. military has a troubling past of having used disease as a weapon during times of war. One example involved the U.S.’ use of germ warfare during the Korean War, when it targeted both North Korea and China by dropping diseased insects and voles carrying a variety of pathogens — including bubonic plague and hemorrhagic fever — from planes in the middle of the night. Despite the mountain of evidence and the testimony of U.S. soldiers involved in that program, the U.S. government and military denied the claims and ordered the destruction of relevant documentation. In the post World War II era, other examples of U.S. research aimed at developing biological weapons have emerged, some of which have recently received media attention. One such example occurred this past July, when the U.S. House of Representatives demanded information from the U.S. military on its past efforts to weaponize insects and Lyme disease between 1950 and 1975. The U.S. has claimed that it has not pursued offensive biological weapons since 1969 and this has been further supported by the U.S.’ ratification of the Biological Weapons Convention (BWC), which went into effect in 1975. However, there is extensive evidence that the U.S. has continued to covertly research and develop such weapons in the years since, much of it conducted abroad and outsourced to private companies, yet still funded by the U.S. military. Several investigators, including Dilyana Gaytandzhieva, have documented how the U.S. produces deadly viruses, bacteria and other toxins at facilities outside of the U.S. — many of them in Eastern Europe, Africa and South Asia — in clear violation of the BWC. Aside from the military’s own research, the controversial neoconservative think tank, the now defunct Project for a New American Century (PNAC), openly promoted the use of a race-specific genetically modified bioweapon as a “politically useful tool.” In what is arguably the think tank’s most controversial document, titled “ Rebuilding America’s Defenses ,” there are a few passages that openly discuss the utility of bioweapons, including the following sentences: “…combat likely will take place in new dimensions: in space, “cyber-space,” and perhaps the world of microbes…advanced forms of biological warfare that can “target” specific genotypes may transform biological warfare from the realm of terror to a politically useful tool.” Though numerous members of PNAC were prominent in the George W. Bush administration, many of its more controversial members have again risen to political prominence in the Trump administration. Several years after “Rebuilding America’s Defenses” was published, the U.S. Air Force published a document entitled “ Biotechnology: Genetically Engineered Pathogens ,” which contains the following passage: “The JASON group, composed of academic scientists, served as technical advisers to the U. S. government. Their study generated six broad classes of genetically engineered pathogens that could pose serious threats to society. These include but are not limited to binary biological weapons, designer genes, gene therapy as a weapon, stealth viruses, host-swapping diseases, and designer diseases (emphasis added).” Concerns about Pentagon experiments with biological weapons have garnered renewed media attention, particularly after it was revealed in 2017 that DARPA was the top funder of the controversial “gene drive” technology, which has the power to permanently alter the genetics of entire populations while targeting others for extinction. At least two of DARPA’s studies using this controversial technology were classified and “focused on the potential military application of gene drive technology and use of gene drives in agriculture,” according to media reports . The revelation came after an organization called the ETC Group obtained over 1,000 emails on the military’s interest in the technology as part of a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request. Co-director of the ETC Group Jim Thomas said that this technology may be used as a biological weapon: “Gene drives are a powerful and dangerous new techno
ogy and potential biological weapons could have disastrous impacts on peace, food security and the environment, especially if misused, The fact that gene drive development is now being primarily funded and structured by the US military raises alarming questions about this entire field.” Though the exact motivation behind the military’s interest in such technology is unknown, the Pentagon has been open about the fact that it is devoting much of its resources towards the containment of what it considers the two greatest threats to U.S. military hegemony: Russia and China. China has been cited as the greatest threat of the two by several Pentagon officials, including John Rood, the Pentagon’s top adviser for defense policy, who described China as the greatest threat to “our way of life in the United States” at the Aspen Security Forum last July. Since the Pentagon began “ redesigning ” its policies and research towards a “ long war ” with Russia and China, the Russian military has accused the U.S. military of harvesting DNA from Russians as part of a covert bioweapon program, a charge that the Pentagon has adamantly denied. Major General Igor Kirillov, the head of the Russian military’s radiation, chemical and biological protection unit who made these claims, also asserted that the U.S. was developing such weapons in close proximity to Russian and Chinese borders. China has also accused the U.S. military of harvesting DNA from Chinese citizens with ill intentions, such as when 200,000 Chinese farmers were used in 12 genetic experiments without informed consent. Those experiments had been conducted by Harvard researchers as part of a U.S. government-funded project. DARPA AND ITS PARTNERS CHOSEN TO DEVELOP CORONAVIRUS VACCINE Last Thursday, the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI) announced that it would fund three separate programs in order to promote the development of a vaccine for the new coronavirus responsible for the current outbreak. CEPI — which describes itself as “a partnership of public, private, philanthropic and civil organizations that will finance and co-ordinate the development of vaccines against high priority public health threats” — was founded in 2017 by the governments of Norway and India along with the World Economic Forum and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. Its massive funding and close connections to public, private and non-profit organizations have positioned it to be able to finance the rapid creation of vaccines and widely distribute them. CEPI’s recent announcement revealed that it would fund two pharmaceutical companies — Inovio Pharmaceuticals and Moderna Inc. — as well as Australia’s University of Queensland, which became a partner of CEPI early last year. Notably, the two pharmaceutical companies chosen have close ties to and/or strategic partnerships with DARPA and are developing vaccines that controversially involve genetic material and/or gene editing. The University of Queensland also has ties to DARPA, but those ties are not related to the university’s biotechnology research, but instead engineering and missile development . For instance, the top funders of Inovio Pharmaceuticals include both DARPA and the Pentagon’s Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) and the company has received millions in dollars in grants from DARPA, including a $45 million grant to develop a vaccine for Ebola."
WHO on Corona Virus: Virus is not yet pandemic. 	"Though the disease spreads through sneezes, coughs and direct contact, the disease has not yet become pandemic. What is Pandemic?
An Epidemic disease spread over a large region is pandemic. Currently, the WHO list of pandemics include HIV, 2009 flu, Spanish flu and H1N1. Previously small pox and Tuberculosis were also included under Pandemics. The most devastating pandemics in the world was Black Death that killed more than 100 million people in the world. Possible Future Pandemics
According to WHO, the antibiotic resistant micro-organisms called the superbugs may re-emerge as possible pandemics.
WHO reports that more than 50 million people are infected with Multi Drug Resistant Tuberculosis. All of these cases are resistant to more than two to three antibiotics."
Ozone Therapy’s Cost Effective Use in Treating Corona Virus. 	"I have just uploaded a paper with high relevance to coronavirus to my office website. Due to formatting, the scientific references were omitted. However, every statement regarding biochemistry is verified in the medical and/or viral/biochemical literature.
Typically, an author would not put out a paper until it is published. However, in this case, lives may be lost if this information is ignored, as, in my opinion, it likely will be. Medical journals are not geared up for information like this as it challenges the stranglehold Pharma has on the industry.
It is a fast and easy read, summarizing my video. I do encourage you to share it. Please forward it to news media, such as Fox, and others. I cannot do it all, and coming from me, it seems to fall on deaf ears. Perhaps they think I have something to gain, other than seeing less pain and suffering by a very promising therapy.
Were this a patentable matter, I would bet that it would be plastered all over the billboards by now.
Thanks for assisting. Abstract:
Many viruses require reduced sulfhydryl groups for cell fusion and entry. Corona viruses are rich in cysteine, which residues must be intact for viral activity. Sulfhydryl groups are vulnerable to oxidation. Ozone therapy, a very inexpensive and safe modality, may safely exploit this critical vulnerability in many viruses, inclusive of corona virus. Background:
Corona virus is rapidly exploding in China. There is real threat of a global epidemic with an easily transmissible disease, with a significant morbidity and mortality, now, if not in the future. Regarding this virus, it carries a several days incubation period , infected people will escape simple detection by temperature, permitting rapid global transmission. As of this writing, China has millions on lock down.
Medicine has little in its arsenal for viral disease and its arsenal for bacterial infection is waning as well. This hardy virus may have a soft underbelly easily and safely exploitable with ozone therapy. Ozone science:
Ozone is triatomic oxygen. Ozone therapy (OT) utilizes 1-5% ozone in 95-99% oxygen as a gas. As a medical therapy, it has been in use since the late 1800s, but is little known. It is not patentable for profit; thus, corporate interests have no incentive. Consequently, few formal studies have been performed. Yet prolific science article have been published, conducted in Italy, Cuba and elsewhere, demonstrating powerful biochemical effects.
Ozone is the most powerful oxidant found in nature. It actually is produced in our body, observed in a stunning discovery at Scripps Institute. Bocci and Menendez both published books summarizing their research groups’ published basic science works. , Briefly, OT improves blood rheology, oxygen delivery, oxygen utilization, and immune modulation via cytokine induction. Bocci privately regarded OT to create “super gifted red cells” and as the “ideal cytokine inducer”.
When blood is treated with ozone, ozone instantly reacts with electron rich bonds and creates longer living downstream metabolites called ozonides: reactive oxygen species and lipid oxidation products, inclusive of peroxides. These molecules appear to act as messengers for the key biochemical and immune modulating effects of the therapy. Menendez found that preconditioning animals with ozone is as powerful as dexamethasone in reducing TNFαin endotoxic shock. This would be exceptionally valuable as a means of safely suppressing “cytokine storm,” often the real killer in hot infections and seemingly with fatal Corona virus. Viral vulnerability:
In his recent review article, Rowen states:
“OT may be ideal therapy for viruses. In order to successfully penetrate cells, many viruses require membrane glycoproteins in the reduced R-S-H form rather than oxidized (R-S-S-R). Ozone inactivates many viruses directly.
Mirazmi, et.al. found if the thiol groups were oxidized, CMV lost infectivity. When thiols were chemically re-reduced (by dithiothreitol), the virus regained 65% infectivity. Viruses dependent on reduced sulfhydryl include CMV, HIV, Norwalk, collophage MS3, hepatitis A and poliovirus.
Reflecting on the reduction of “critical” disulfide bonds for vaccinia virus cellular entry, Ryser found that protein disulfide isomerase inhibitors limited HIV-1 entry into T cells . Ozone directly inactivates viruses.”
Reduced sulfhydryl appears essential for Ebola virus to enter cells.
Based on the foregoing Rowen surmised that ozone therapy might be the ideal treatment for deadly Ebola. On the invitation of the President of Sierra Leone, we traveled to the country in fall 2014 to bring ozone therapy to the epidemic. Our team managed to get to 5 cases of Ebola, two in physicians, one in the female consort of a physician who died of the disease, and two exposed aides. All survived without any deterioration of symptoms after ozone therapy began, nor did they have any post Ebola complications. The epidemic claimed 60% of its victims and scarred survivors with a 70+% rate of complications. The key method was directly administering oxygen/ozone gas intravenously (DIV), 20 cc at 55 mcg/cc ozone over a few minutes. The material cost is negligible, and leaves virtually no medical waste – only a small 27g butterfly needle.
The treatment requires an ozone generator, medical grade compressed oxygen, and a syringe. The generator can be run off a car battery in remote areas. Ozone therapy is exceptionally safe . Direct intravenous gas administration does carry a risk of temporary chest tightness and cough, and can irritate veins. Compared to a lethal disease, however, it is a negligible price to pay. DIV has been routinely (and safely) used around the world for generations, with significant positive effects on modulating inflammation. Oxygen is a metabolic gas and is rapidly consumed, unlike “air” which is 80% nitrogen. OT is also performed by withdrawing blood into a bottle, adding gas, and reinfusing.
Like Ebola, corona virus structure also has regions rich in cysteine. Alterations of these residues has been found to “cripple” virus growth properties at least 2 logs lower than wild type virus. Active cysteine is essential for membrane fusion. This is consistent with the sulfhydryl research mentioned above.
Cysteine is highly vulnerable to oxidation to disulfide or other residues; which effect will cripple its biochemical activity in proteins. Enzymes may become inactive when reduced sulfhydryl groups are oxidized. Ozone itself will oxidize SH groups instantly on contact. But less reactive ozonides, the product of blood ozone therapy, also accomplish this action (and can persist for days in the blood, providing ongoing protection). This was reported in ozonide attack on cysteine dependent papain, believed to inactivate the enzyme by oxidizing the active sulfhydryl to sulfenate or sulfenic acid."
High corona- Stocks to watch as the panic spreads. 	This information is general financial product advice only and you should consider the relevant product disclosure statement (PDS) or seek professional advice before making any investment decision. Product disclosure statements for financial products offered through InvestSMART can be downloaded from this website or obtained by contacting 1300 880 160. You should consider the product disclosure statement before making a decision about a product. All indications of performance returns are historical and cannot be relied upon as an indicator for future performance. * Applies only to those portfolios labelled 'Capped fees' and includes all InvestSMART fees. You may be charged additional fees from third parties (eg. brokerage and ETF costs). Refer to the Product Disclosure Statement and Investment Menu for more information. # InvestSMART Portfolio performance figures are after investment and admin fees excl. brokerage and assuming dividends re-invested and no withdrawals. The peer comparison figures have been sourced from Morningstar data and is therefore limited to the funds and investment products included in their database. This may not include all funds available for retail investment in Australia. The peer calculation is inclusive of admin and investment fees; excludes brokerage and no withdrawals have been made. InvestSMART cannot determine whether or not franking has been included, nor if dividends have been reinvested. Historical performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. ^ Only funds and investment products included in the Morningstar Australia database are available for fee and performance comparison. This may not include all funds available for retail investment in Australia. Only funds with > three year returns were included in any fee comparison, and were compared to Morningstar's nominated benchmark. Fees are calculated by Morningstar as the average over 10 years. Whilst every care has been taken in producing these numbers, InvestSMART does not guarantee the accuracy of the figures produced in the table. Fee data may not include all costs being charged such as platform and adviser fees. 
Corona virus reverberates across oil and gas markets. 	"OPEC may deepen cuts as LNG and oil demand plummet inpex australia Singapore-based Independent Commodity Intelligent Services said Chinese state-owned majors are reporting the impact of the virus will slow the local economy and hit Chinese gas demand. or Start a $1 trial to read the full article. Email Lost password? An invaluable asset to Australasia's oil and gas sector
Subscribe today and enjoy full access to EnergyNewsBulletin.net - the most comprehensive source of energy sector news and information. EnergyNewsBulletin.net Package Full access to EnergyNewsBulletin.net resources on desktop and mobile Industry-leading insights into the future of energy Expert market views on digitalization and renewables In-depth features on advancements in technology A ﬁrst look at latest commodity price updates and breaking news 2 daily newsletters covering hot topics in operations and investment Access to the complete Energy News Bulletin archive since 2006 Try EnergyNewsBulletin.net for 30 days for ONLY $1 "
Can Malaysia handle the corona virus? The five times when we dealt with health emergencies. 	"Pick a random coffee shop. Walk in, and have a seat. Look around you, and if you listen carefully, you’ll notice that amidst the loud chatter of the boisterous Malaysian crowd, there’s a common topic being discussed: The Wuhan Virus . Officially called the 2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV), the outbreak of the virus has caused a reaction that isn’t too dissimilar to mass hysteria, with reports of companies like Google and Apple shutting down corporate offices in China only adding fuel to the flames
Of course, with over 31,340 confirmed cases around the globe, it’s not an unnatural response to what has become a global pandemic—the World Health Organisation (WHO) recently declared the outbreak to be a global health emergency, after all. Meanwhile, we’ve seen the number of cases in Malaysia rise to 15 at the time of writing, which has led a host of strange and — frankly — unbelievable rumours making the rounds on social media and messaging apps.
But often times, things need to be put into context. Out of the 14 confirmed cases thus far, only 2 are Malaysians. And out of the global number of 31,340, only 217 cases are of patients outside of China. But the panic has truly set in, with pharmacies struggling to meet the abrupt (and great) demand for face masks, and there have even been arrests made in relation to unnecessarily inciting fear among the masses. Beyond keeping good hygiene practices — and possibly figuring out how to wear face masks properly—there isn’t really much else you can do to “avoid” the coronavirus.
Based on their track record, perhaps we should give Malaysia’s health officials the benefit of the doubt. Historically, Malaysia has had its fair share of outbreaks to deal with. In fact, Malaysia ranks at No. 18 globally on the Global Health Security (GHS) index, which is a measurement of countries’ health security and capabilities — Malaysia also ranks at No. 3 in Asia. For some comparison, Singapore ranks at No. 24 in the world, while Japan is at No. 21. Arguably, this is evidence of a capability to handle outbreaks, which has also been commended by the World Health Organisation.
Still not convinced? Let’s have a look at Malaysia’s proven track record at containing, dealing with, and surviving some of the world’s deadliest outbreaks.
1. Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS)
The SARS coronavirus killed at least 774 people around the globe in the early 2000s, and just like the Wuhan coronavirus, was said to have its roots in bats. However, that isn’t the only similarity when it comes to the novel coronavirus. Both viruses — as zoonotic diseases —spread to people from animals, which means that patient zero for both diseases probably transmitted the disease in a wet market.
The disease had been first detected in November 2002, and the outbreak was deemed as “contained” by the World Health Organisation in July of 2003. While 8,000 people were infected in 29 countries, only 5 cases were confirmed in Malaysia, with 2 deaths reported .
Back in 2003, Malaysia imposed a week-long travel restriction on visitors from mainland China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, along with Vietnam. A week later, the restriction was relaxed —those from China and Vietnam only needed to obtain medical certificates to check that they were SARS-free to enter the country. However, the move had ramifications on the tourism and travel industry in Malaysia, with the total number of tourists visiting Malaysia falling by 20.5% in 2003 .
Still, it’s a move that the Malaysian government felt was necessary at the time, and the containment of the outbreak was given priority over tourism revenue for the year.
2. Swine Flu/Influenza A(H1N1)
Just over 10 years ago, another flu outbreak was happening. Influenza A (H1N1)—commonly known as “swine flu” — began in Mexico, with Malaysia’s first case reported in May 2009. For their part, the health authorities in Malaysia stayed on high alert, and closed schools in an effort to contain an outbreak which, by June of 2010, had reportedly infected almost 15,000 people, with a total number of 88 deaths.
But something to note is that there are still cases of H1N1 infections, more than 10 years on. 8 children in Sabah were confirmed to have H1N1 infections, and you can technically still get infected. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) confirms that there is a 2009 H1N1 influenza vaccine, and recommends that pregnant women, people who live with or care for children younger than 6 months of age, health care and emergency medical services personnel, or those with chronic health conditions, get vaccinated.
Additionally, the Health Ministry also had the National Influenza Pandemic Preparedness Plan (NIPPP) , which helped to coordinate the response plan for an influenza-related pandemic. The Health Ministry also imposed health screenings to and from Mexico, while thermal scanners were installed at entry points at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA).
3. Nipah virus
The Nipah virus was first seen in Malaysia in 1999, with most of the early cases involving direct contact with infected pigs. From September 1998 to May 1999, there were 265 cases of the virus with 105 deaths, and the outbreak severely affected the pig-farming industry.
Initially, the Malaysian health authorities were under the impression that Japanese Encephalitis (JE) was behind the outbreak. This meant that measures taken during the initial stages were rather ineffective, and the outbreak failed to be contained, spreading through the country and to neighbouring Singapore.
Eventually, a virologist at the University of Malaya discovered the root cause of the infection, with the origins coming from a native fruit bat species. Further studies eventually led to the culling of more than a million pigs, which — again — cost the Malaysian market significantly. Since then, there have been no cases reported in Malaysia (or Singapore).
4. Malaria
Malaria is an on-going public health problem in Malaysia. However, the National Strategic Plan for Malaria Elimination was set up by experts and health authorities in Malaysia with the aim of eradicating malaria from Peninsular Malaysia by 2015 and from East Malaysia by 2020.
The World Health Organisation has shared that Malaysia achieved “zero indigenous human malaria cases” in 2018, achieving its goal 2 years ahead of schedule. Here’s their analysis:
“Ensuring prompt malaria diagnosis, treatment and surveillance in remote, hard-to-reach regions played a key role in Malaysia’s elimination success. However, the risk of imported malaria remains a key concern. Temporary foreign workers in Malaysia, many of whom are undocumented, may expose the local population to the disease.”
Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (MERS-CoV)
A recent case of MERS was reported on the 1st of January, when a 55-year-old man returning from his pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia tested positive for the disease. The Ministry of Health investigated 70 individuals who came into contact with the 55-year-old, with a few hospitalised for further tests.
As of now, Malaysia is free of the MERS virus, and no new cases have been reported since. All in all, the total number of positive tests for MERS in Malaysia stands at 2.
It’s not all doom and gloom
No one is denying that the 2019 novel coronavirus is indeed a deadly outbreak. But despite the panic that has been setting in amongst the masses, it’s also reassuring to know that Malaysia has gone through similar times of crisis before. Instead of what many on social media would have us believe, Malaysia’s preparedness and ability to handle an outbreak is seemingly on an international standard.
An official from the World Health Organisation (WHO) recently commended the Malaysian authorities for how they have managed and contained the spread of the 2019 novel coronavirus. Dr Lo Ying-Ru, the WHO Representative to Malaysia, Brunei, and Singapore, said that the authorities here have be excellent, while they’ve also been transparent to the public—crucial, in times such as these.
And despite the spreading of fake news that paint such a bleak picture of Malaysia and the Wuhan coronavirus situation, perhaps we should all have more confidence in our health professionals and the health system in general.
Because if history tells us anything, Malaysia has been proven to be rather good at handling deadly outbreaks. "
Markets Today: Markets rethink corona risk. 	"Overview: Calm like a bomb No new bad news on coronavirus sees mild rebound in risk markets GBP hit on UK decision to allow Huawei into parts of UK 5G network US consumer confidence still riding high AU Q4 CPI this morning
Since those APAC centres that were open yesterday went home, there has been news of more travel bans into and out of China (from the Hong Kong and UK governments to name two) but no new statistics on the official state of play with regards to coronavirus related fatalities and infection numbers. These stood at 107 deaths and around 4,500 confirmed cases. Unfortunately, the statistics are being reported as of the end of the prior day (i.e. the ones quoted here are from Monday). So we can expect updated numbers this morning and which run the risk of undoing some of the overnight moves, which include a decent bounce back in US equities, by 1.2% for the S&P 500 and 1.5% for the NASDAQ (the latter ahead of Apple’s results due straight after the 8:00 AEDT market close).
US Treasury yields are back higher (10s by 4bps to 1.65%) while in currencies the DXY dollar index is 0.1% higher but primarily because Sterling took a hit on news that the UK government is to permit Huawei into parts of the UK 5G network build out, news that is seen to complicate forthcoming negotiations vis-à-vis a US-UK post-Brexit Free Trade Agreement. Oil prices are a little firmer, which has helped NOK and CAD recoup a little of their recent loses, but gold and industrial metals are all down, which has kept the AUD on the back foot (down another 0.13% to 0.6752 and an o/n low of 0.6737). NZD is also lower and indeed underperforming AUD but for no obvious reason.
We’ve had some mixed US data overnight in the form of Durable Goods Orders, Consumer Confidence (Conference Board vintage) and The Richmond Fed Manufacturing Index. Durable goods orders was all over the place thanks to a jump in defence aircraft orders but predictable slump in Boeing orders (the former holding up the headline reading relative to expectations, so 2.4% against 0.3% consensus). The key core number is therefore orders excluding defence and aircraft, which fell by 0.1% against 0.3% expected and 0.1% previously. The trend here is mildly negative, but not worryingly so.
In contrast the US consumer still looks to be in rude health, Consumer Confidence up to 131.6 from 128.0. Still off its July 2019 local highs but a second successive monthly rise and in line with the recent improvement in the University of Michigan survey. A rampant US stock market (until the last week that is) and ongoing 100k+ monthly employment gains are more than enough to justify the recent strengthening in sentiment.
The Richmond Fed Manufacturing Index jumped to 20 in January from -5 in December and which together with other regional surveys released to date offers some hope for a recovery in the manufacturing ISM next week (after a fairly flat Markit reading last Friday)
Yesterday’s NAB Business Survey , which showed conditions down 1 point to 3 and confidence down 2 points to -2, related to December so will have not have picked up the full effect on business confidence and conditions from the bushfires that were at their most severe in early January. The January survey is in less than two weeks (Feb 11) so should be more revealing. The message from yesterday’s survey was that business activity stabilised in Q4 but at below average levels, with forward looking indicators (forward orders, capacity utilisation, capex) still weak. Coming up in Australia
Q4 CPI is due at 11:30 ET. NAB forecasts headline at 0.7% q/q, 1.8% y/y (consensus 0.6%/1.7%) and Trimmed Mean (core) at 0.4%, 1.6% y/y (in line with consensus). We revised up our forecast for headline CPI following a stronger than expected NZ CPI (0.5%) and where the tradeables component is correlated with the Australian CPI and which was a bit stronger than expected. This also suggests some upside risk to our Trimmed Mean inflation forecast. Any upward impact on headline inflation from food prices related to supply destruction and transport bottlenecks is more likely a Q1 2020 than Q4 2019 story. Internationally
The main event (at 6:00am Thursday ET) is the FOMC’s first interest rate decision of the year and subsequent press conference from Fed chair Powell. This looks like being one of the least market sensitive meeting outcomes of recent times, with no change in rates universally expected given the Fed’s likely assessment that has been no material change to their economic outlook – a stated precondition for changing rates – and no new economic forecast or ‘dot plot’.
Elsewhere we get Germany GfK consumer confidence, US Advance goods trade and Pending Home Sales Market prices"
Tanzania: Tales of Tanzanians Living China Over Corona Virus Outbreak. 	Mr Gustav Sanga, a PhD student studying in China says most public places are closed in Xi'an, a province far from Wuhan-the source of the Corona Virus outbreak, as emergency measures to control the outbreak continue. Category: African Health Source Type: news Related Links: Update: February 4, 2020 GIDEON what’s new summary: February 4 to February 4, 2020 Infectious Diseases – Outbreaks (7 updates) 7 DiseasesMap Infectious Diseases – Diseases (10 updates) 3 Diseases7 Country notesMap The post Update: February 4, 2020 appeared first on GIDEON - Global Infectious Diseases and Epidemiology Online Network. February 4, 2020 Category: Databases & Libraries Authors: Dr. Stephen Berger Tags: What's New Source Type: blogs Food safety culture in food services with different degrees of risk for foodborne diseases in Brazil This study aimed to evaluate differences among elements of food safety culture in food services at low or high-risk for foodborne diseases. This study was conducted with 63 managers and 333 food handlers from 32 food services located in the metropolitan region of Campinas, State of São Paulo, Brazil. The following elements of food safety culture (considering the technical-managerial and human routes) were evaluated: management systems, style, and process; leadership; organizational commitment; food safety climate (communication; self-commitment; management and coworker support; environment support; risk judgment; no... Cryptosporidium and Giardia in Ruminants Cryptosporidium and Giardia are ubiquitous protozoan parasites that infect a broad range of vertebrate hosts, including domestic and wild animals as well as humans. Both parasites are of medical and veterinary importance. Infections with Cryptosporidium and Giardia in ruminants are associated with diarrhea outbreaks, mainly in young animals. Ruminants are potential sources of infection for humans because some species of Cryptosporidium and assemblages of Giardia duodenalis have been isolated from both ruminants and humans. Knowledge of these parasites has greatly expanded in the last 2 decades from simple microscopic obser... February 4, 2020 Category: Veterinary Research Authors: Monica Santin Source Type: research African countries rush to reinforce defences against coronavirus Health officials raise concerns that many African countries are ill-equipped to combat the diseaseCoronavirus – latest updatesAfrican countries are rushing to reinforce their defences against the rapidly spreading coronavirus, as health officials say many countries on the continent are ill-equipped to combat the potentially lethal disease.There have been no verified infections in Africa to date, but porous borders, a continuing flow of travellers and poorly resourced healthcare systems have raised fears that the virus could spread rapidly if the precautions of local authorities prove inadequate.Continue reading... Source: Guardian Unlimited Science - February 4, 2020 Category: Science Authors: Jason Burke Africa correspondent Tags: Coronavirus outbreak China Africa Infectious diseases World news Asia Pacific Science Source Type: news What is coronavirus and how worried should we be? What are the symptoms of the virus from Wuhan in China, how does it spread, and when should you see a doctor?Coronavirus: how to protect yourself from infectionCoronavirus – latest updatesIt is a novel coronavirus – a member of the coronavirus family that has never been encountered before. Like other coronaviruses, it has come from animals. Many of those infected either worked or frequently shopped in the Huanan seafood wholesale market in the centre of the Chinese city, which also sold live and newly slaug htered animals. New and troubling viruses usually originate in animal hosts. Ebola and flu are other exam
Indians confuse pathogen with beer brand, search for 'Corona beer virus' instead. 	The outbreak of coronavirus in China has made headlines across the globe as it continues to claim lives. India's Ministry of Health has stated that a few cases are under observation, raising fears that the virus might have entered the country too. An increasing number of Indians have taken to Google to find out more about the symptoms, causes, etc of the virus. Only, instead of looking up the name of the virus, a huge number of anxious citizens have been searching for the 'Corona beer virus'. As Google trends in India suggests, people have mistakenly assumed that the virus has something to do with the alcoholic beverage brand ‘Corona’. As per Google search results, there was a huge spike in the number of people searching for 'Corona beer virus' instead of 'coronavirus' in India. In fact citizens of Australia, Canada, and America have also been searching the internet to know more about a ‘corona beer virus’. More than a dozen suspected cases of Coronavirus infection have already been reported in India, with the latest being a girl who returned to Patna from China. Though the World Health Organization (WHO) is yet to declare it as a global health emergency, India has already heightened its vigil across its borders. So far, no positive case of the infection has been detected in India as per the Union Health Ministry. Around 80 people are reported to have died from the virus in China.
Duque told to 'fix priorities' after skipping House probe on 2019-nCoV. 	"Health Secretary Francis Duque defends himself during a committee hearing on the preparedness on the reported outbreak of the novel corona virus held at the Senate of the Philippines, Feb. 4, 2020. George Calvelo, ABS-CBN News MANILA — A lawmaker said Wednesday that Health Secretary Francisco Duque III should ""fix"" his priorities, after the latter skipped a House inquiry into the government's response to a coronavirus outbreak from China.
Duque told DZMM he was instead set to inspect a mega drug rehab facility in Fort Magsaysay that would be used to quarantine around 42 Filipinos repatriated from China's Hubei province, where the new strain of virus was first detected.
“As the overall in-charge in handling this crisis, he should've been here — hindi 'yung taga-inspect na lang ng kwarto (not being a mere room inspector),"" Muntinlupa Rep. Ruffy Biazon said during House Committee on Metro Manila Development's hearing.
“Paki parating niyo ho kay Sec. Duque, ayusin niya ang kaniyang priorities (please tell Sec. Duque, he should fix his priorities),"" he added.
The lawmaker also questioned why there were still flights to China's Wuhan City, believed to the virus' epicenter, until Jan. 22.
The imposition of travel restrictions is an international decision that involves various repercussions on labor and trade, Health Undersecretary and Spokesperson Eric Domingo earlier said.
The Philippines earlier this week banned travel to and from mainland China and its special administrative regions Hong Kong and Macau as health experts seek to contain the fast-spreading new strain of the coronavirus.
Before this, the quarantine bureau started screening airports and the epidemiology bureau went on alert, said Dr. Ruby Constantino of the health department's disease prevention and control bureau.
Biazon said crisis managers should ""shape up"" to allay public fears. Manila 1st District Rep. Manny Lopez, who chairs the Metro Manila development committee, said Duque had ""to work doubly hard.""
Duque's office did not immediately respond to ABS-CBN News' request for comment.
Duque last week attended a plenary session where only 5 lawmakers asked questions about government response to the virus that as of Wednesday has killed nearly 500 and infected more than 24,000."
Death toll of 2019-nCoV may be 10 times higher than official number: University of Hong Kong Study. 	"The ‘real’ death toll of the ongoing outbreak of the Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) may be much higher than the official numbers with ten times the figures released by the Chinese government, a scientific journal by University of Hong Kong said last week.
The study estimates the number of cases is much more given the 2.68 spread rate per case, the doubling of total infections every 6.4 days, and known travel patterns in China and worldwide. By that model, the number of cases in Wuhan alone would now be around 300,000.
The estimation of the study is strangely similar to an online toll maintained by the Chinese company Tencent, on its webpage titled “Epidemic Situation Tracker”. It showed confirmed cases of novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in China as standing at 154,023 – over 10 times the official figure and the number of suspected cases as 79,808, four times the official figure as on February 1.
Tencent later changed the numbers to match the official numbers once netizens noticed what the company later said is “doctored” although many say that coding issues or whistle-blowers within the company is revealing the “internal” data of the epidemic.
The Wall Street Journal said that the official numbers of the epidemic are “fishy”. Caijing, an independent magazine based in Beijing, also said that the Communist Party of China (CCP) is under-reporting the extent of the outbreak. As of Friday, officially, the coronavirus has killed more than 630 people, most of them in China. Globally, it has infected over 31,400 people across 25 countries and territories.
"
Advisory for Corona virus. 	"The outbreak of a mysterious new Corona Virus is rapidly spreading. The whole world is going through the fear of this Corona Virus, the Research Councils under the Ministry of AYUSH, Government of India have issued advisory based on the Indian traditional medicine practices Ayurveda, Homeopathy and Unani.
As per the Ayurverdic Practices the following Preventive Management Steps are suggested.
Maintain personal hygiene. Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. If soap and water are not available. Drink Shadang Paniya (Musta, Parpat, Usheer, Chandan, Udeechya & Nagar) processed water (10 gm powder boiled in 1-liter water, until it reduces to half). Store it in a bottle and drink it when thirsty. Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands. Avoid close contact with people who are sick. Stay home when you are sick. Cover your face during cough or sneeze and wash your hands after coughing or sneezing. Clean and disinfect frequently touched objects and surfaces. Preferably, use an N95 mask while traveling or working in public places to avoid droplet transmission If you suspect Corona Viral infection, wear a mask and contact your nearest hospital immediately. Prophylactic Measures/Immunomodulatory drugs as per the Ayurvedic practices.
Measures shall be taken to strengthen the immune system through a healthy diet and lifestyle practices. Agastya Harityaki 5 gm, twice a day with warm water. Samshamani Vati 500 mg twice a day. Trikatu (Pippali, Marich & Shunthi) powder 5 gm and Tulasi 3-5 leaves (boiled in 1-litre water, until it reduces to ½ liter and keeps it in a bottle) keep taking it in sips as and when required. Pratimarsa Nasya: Instill two drops of Anu taila/Sesame oil in each nostril daily in the morning. * This advocacy is for information only and shall be adopted in consultation with registered Ayurveda practitioners only.
At the instance of Ministry of AYUSH, Central Council for Research in Homoeopathy (CCRH) discussed the ways and means of prevention of Coronavirus infection through Homoeopathy in 64th meeting of its Scientific Advisory Board on 28 th January 2020. The Group of Experts inter-alia has recommended that homoeopathy medicine Arsenicum album 30 could betaken as prophylactic medicine against Coronavirus infections, which has also been advised for prevention of ILI. It has recommended one doze of Arsenicum album 30, daily in empty stomach for three days. The dose should be repeated after one month by following the same schedule in case Coronavirus infections prevail in the community. The Expert Group has further suggested that general hygienic measures for prevention of air-borne infections suggested by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Govt. of India, for prevention of the disease should also be followed by the public.
Unani Medicines useful in symptomatic management of Corona Virus infection"
PhD Doctor puts forward a strong argument that Corona genome has been tampered with. 	"RECOMBINATION technology has been in use in molecular virology since the 1980’s. The structure of the 2019-NCoV virus genome provides a very strong clue on the likely origin of the virus.
Unlike other related coronaviruses, the 2019-nCoV virus has a unique sequence about 1,378 bp (nucleotide base pairs) long that is not found in related coronaviruses.
Looking at the phylogenetic tree recently published derived using all the full genome sequence, we see the 2019-nCoV virus does not have clear monophyletic support given the bootstrap value of 75 (Fig 1). Close-up on Bootstrap value of 75 for available 2019-nCoV from Lu et al., 2020 The Lancet article [ Full Text ]
There is no doubt that there is a novel sequence in 2019-nCoV; we confirmed this via sequence alignment. Here’s the DOT plot:
The gap in the line shows a lack of sequence homology beween the most similar bat coronavirus and 2019-nCoV. The inserted sequence, which should not be there is here: inserted-portion Download
A database search by the first team to study and publish the whole genome sequence for the origins of the inserted sequence turned up no hits (Ji et al., 2020). They conducted a codon-bias analysis which led them to speculate that perhaps there had been a recombination event between a coronavirus in snakes with a coronavirus from bats (Ji et al., 2020). [ Full Text ]
This led to criticism on Wired(3) with quote dismissing the snake origin hypothesis as lacking evidence. There is, however, clear evidence that the novel sequence, which I will refer to henceforth as INS1378, is from a laboratory-induced recombination event. Specifically,
(1) The sequence similarity to other coronavirus sequences is lower to its most similar sequences in any coronavirus than the rest of the genome (IPAK finding)
(2) The high sequence similarity of INS1378 to a SARS spike protein (2; IPAK Confirmed) .
(3) We also found significant sequence similarity of INS1378 to a pShuttle-SN vector that was in use in the 1980’s in China to create a more immunogenic coronavirus (IPAK finding, details below, Option 4).
Here, I review four Option on the origins of the 2019-nCoV Coronavirus isolated from human patients from Wuhan, China.
Option 1. Natural coronavirus related to bat coronaviruses, Not a Recombined Virus .
Evidence for: Phylogenetic clustering with Bat coronaviruses.
Evidence against: Low bootstrap support (N=75) and presence of a INS1378.
Status: Falsified hypothesis.
Test: Survey coronviruses in animals in the wild.
Option 2. A recombined virus that naturally picked up a SARS-like spike protein in it N-terminus (3′ end) of the viral genome.
Evidence for: The INS1378 codon bias similar to snakes ($)
Evidence against: Insufficient match in database search to other known CoV spike proteins (Ji et al., 2020)
Status: Speculative hypothesis. Unlikely.
Test: Find an isolate that matches 2019-nCoV in the wild and reproducibly independently isolate the virus from a wild animal (a match will confirm).
Option 3. A recombined virus made in a laboratory for the purpose of creating a bioweapon.
Both China and the US hinted at the other side’s potential liability in playing a role in bringing about a novel coronavirus in the lab specifically for the purpose of being used as a bioweapon. To add to the intrigue, a Chinese Scientist was released from BSL-4 laboratory in Manitoba, Canada for violating protocols, allegedly sending samples of deadly viruses to mainland China."
Some companies related to Wuhan Corona. 	"Some companies related to Wuhan Corona
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coronavirus-linked-stock-speculation-reminds-142057359.html
Coronavirus-Linked Stock Speculation Reminds Health Sector of Bitcoin (Bloomberg) -- The deadly coronavirus that has sparked stock rallies for a cluster of health companies developing drugs and screening tests reminds industry watchers of the frenzies that greeted other health scares -- and even the cryptocurrency craze.Small-cap companies including Novavax Inc., Ceru...
finance.yahoo.com
Small-cap companies including Novavax Inc., Cerus Corp., Co-Diagnostics Inc. and Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc. have seen shares surge this week as investors gobble up statements about their plans to help combat the outbreak.
​
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/13-coronavirus-related-stocks-watch-150037622.html
13 Coronavirus-Related Stocks To Watch Amid Wuhan Outbreak Airlines, hotels, casinos and stocks linked to Wuhan, China, continue to fall as fear of the coronavirus deters international travel and all but halts activity in the virus epicenter. Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. (NYSE: APT) manufactures masks and protective apparel — goods already in high demand in China. ...
finance.yahoo.com
Alpha Pro Tech
Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. (NYSE: APT ) manufactures masks and protective apparel — goods already in high demand in China. Bulk orders are expected as the disease progresses.
Lakeland Industries
Lakeland Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ: LAKE ) also produces protective clothes for high-risk workers, such as the medical professionals and public health officials exposing themselves to patients. Lakeland has historically surged during outbreaks and proved a favored supplier amid the Ebola outbreak.
See Also: A History Of Coronavirus Outbreaks And The Stock Market
Co-Diagnostics
Utah medtech company Co-Diagnostics Inc (NASDAQ: CODX ) is developing a test for the new coronavirus strain. Chinese officials and fearful travel companies demonstrate high demand for accurate diagnostics, as fever has proven an unreliable indicator of disease.
Vir Biotech
The portfolio of Vir Biotechnology Inc (NASDAQ: VIR ) includes an antibody for another coronavirus strain, but management is testing to determine efficacy on the Wuhan strain.
“We have a library of multiple fully-human mAbs that bind and neutralize coronaviruses such as SARS and MERS,” Chief Scientific Officer Herbert “Skip” Virgin said in a press release. “...Some of these mAbs are able to neutralize zoonotic coronaviruses, and we believe may have the potential to treat and prevent Wuhan coronavirus. We are also exploring the isolation of new mAbs specific for this virus.”
BioCryst
BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s (NASDAQ: BCRX ) galidesivir is in a Phase 1 study for a range of viruses, including coronaviruses. The early stage of development may prohibit material contribution in the immediate outbreak, but BioCryst may be able to lend some useful data.
Inovio
Inovio Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ: INO ) is developing a vaccine to treat the MERS strain of coronavirus. While the drug has passed only Phase 1 benchmarks, management may be able to contribute its research toward the Wuhan coronavirus effort. It has already joined forces with the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations toward this end.
Novavax
Novavax, Inc. (NASDAQ: NVAX ) has launched a program for the Wuhan-coronavirus vaccine. It already boasts success in vaccine development for the MERS and SARS strains.
NanoViricides
NanoViricides Inc (NYSE: NNVC ) produces nan-medicines to fight virus such as swine flu and bird flu. It also has early-stage programs for Dengue viruses and Ebola and once dabbled in a MERS candidate.
Cleveland BioLabs
Oncology pharmaceutical Cleveland BioLabs, Inc. (NASDAQ: CBLI ) develops immune-receptor activators for vaccines targeting various types of infection. Its vaccine adjuvant is currently in Phase 1 trials.
Cerus
Cerus Corporation (NASDAQ: CERS ) uses proprietary technology to inactivate the SARS strain, and it's looking to adapt its approach to the novel Wuhan strain.
Moderna
Moderna Inc (NASDAQ: MRNA ) received new funding from vaccine alliance CEPI to accelerate its work on a coronavirus vaccine, and it has joined forces with the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations on a vaccine approach.
Aethlon
Aethlon Medical, Inc. (NASDAQ: AEMD ) treats viral infections with its hemopurifier. The product boosts immune defenses by capturing otherwise poorly-detected circulating viruses. It is presently in clinical studies.
AstraZeneca
AstraZeneca plc (NYSE: AZN ) said it had plans in place for an event such as this, but it awaits direction from the World Health Organization before acting.
“It really looks like at this point it’s very contained,” AstraZeneca CEO Pascal Soriot told CNBC. “We have a very large presence in China — we’re the number one pharmaceutical company there, we employ 16,000 people — so as you would imagine it matters to us, we really care a lot and we’ll monitor this, but it really looks like it’s contained for the time being.”"
5 Essential Elements For corona virus new york. 	The telephone connect with came as scientists in China say the pangolin, a style of scaly anteater, can be the host for your coronavirus which includes killed around 636 folks and infected virtually 31,400 globally, As outlined by a report by Reuters on Friday.Chen has been away from arrive at for greater than twenty several hours. Fang, who was silent much of Friday right until a video clip posted inside the evening, was previously detained briefly by authorities for his video clip of corpses inside of a medical center.To date, there have been no verified cases from the virus anyplace in Africa. But public well being gurus worry that nations around the world there might not be as Geared up to detect cases and Regulate the potential transmission of your virus as quite a few nations with more powerful overall health infrastructure.2020 could be a important year in examining no matter if reform takes off or if the country proceeds for being mired in stagnation on vital challenges.Tracing the evolution in the virus, the workforce of experts identified it belonged to betacoronavirus, which makes it structurally just like SARS.Really don't go. That's what you are able to do. Poor time for you to vacation. You are taking a large threat with your family. Dying from viral pneumonia is like drowning using a fever in your mattress.The coronavirus then distribute from the contaminated wildlife to people, killing 17 persons throughout China and sickening 600 Other people in lower than per month. Infections grew to become so rampant that Chinese officials halted all journey from more info Wuhan.In the event the virus spreads through the entire planet, the number of deaths may very well click here be sizeable. The current death amount of two–three% — when not as large as for SARS — remains to be quite high for an infectious condition, suggests Adam Kamradt-Scott, a worldwide wellbeing-security professional at the College of Sydney, Australia.The development arrives as Wuhan – the town at the centre on the outbreak – continues to be in lockdown, with all flights in and outbound cancelled, residents banned from leaving and scenes of chaos as Determined people battle for food items supplies.Some narratives concerning the outbreak may well stoke panic and nervousness; misinformation is rampant. Others have highlighted shortcomings within the Chinese bureaucracy that could have contributed for website the severity from the epidemic.The virus has become identified as a brand new form of coronavirus. Coronaviruses are a large spouse and children of pathogens, the majority of which cause delicate respiratory infections including the popular chilly.At the time outbreaks in hospitals had been brought under Management, SARS was contained. There isn't any evidence that the virus remains to be circulating in humans, claims Mackay.Now the great department retail store is closing. Indicating goodbye to the store that was often outside of my attain. more info Irish election yields a three-way tie — as well as a Sinn Fileéin surge What do the outcomes mean for Eire? It’s messier than you're thinking that. Why the Oscars don’t Have got a host this year For the second 12 months in a row, the Oscars are likely host-absolutely free. It’s probable the beginning of a brand new standard.It’s the main cities in and about China which can be most in danger, As outlined by a paper posted on January 14 while check here in the Journal of Travel Medicine
This pathogen is more deadly than the corona virus – health. 	"The number of coronavirus deaths is increasing rapidly, 213 deaths have been reported so far. Another virus is a far greater threat. The new type of corona virus is spreading more and more and is also causing turmoil in Austria. There are already seven suspected cases in Vienna alone, but so far the tests have always been negative.
Worldwide, more than 9,000 people are currently being treated for a coronavirus infection. The number of coronavirus deaths has also increased dramatically, so far 213 deaths have been reported.
Corona virus – now explained here by the netdoktor experts >>
The fear of a possible infection with the corona virus is accordingly great in many people. After the rapid increase in infections, the World Health Organization (WHO) has even declared a “health emergency of international scope”.
Another virus currently seems to pose a much greater danger. The Robert Koch Institute (RKI) assesses the influenza virus as far more threatening. 42 people have died of it since October 2019.
“At the moment we only see very few cases of corona viruses outside of China (…)”, Susanne Glasmacher, spokeswoman for the Robert Koch Institute, explains to the “rbb24” portal.
Fear of coronavirus
And further: “But if we see that we now have more than 13,000 to 14,000 influenza diseases confirmed by laboratory diagnostics with the current flu wave (…), that is a completely different number”.
How dangerous is the corona virus?
Influenza, the flu, is actually the “very specific danger, especially for certain risk groups,” emphasizes Glasmacher. The risk groups primarily include older people, the chronically ill and pregnant women.
It is perfectly normal that people are primarily worried about the corona virus: “Psychology says that novel risks are given greater weight than what is known,” explains Susanne Glasmacher. theme"
The new 2019-nCoV virus discovered outside China but linked to Wuhan. 	Published in Medicine The new virus known as 2019-nCoV, first identified in Wuhan, China in late December, began to spread. Health officials in Thailand and Japan have announced that it has appeared inside their borders this week. The illness is a coronavirus, part of a large family of viruses that can cause symptoms ranging from that of a common cold to Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome. Health officials believe that the new virus can only be transmitted from animals to human. “Considering global travel patterns, additional cases in other countries are likely,” the World Health Organization (WHO) said in a statement posted online Thursday. The first death from 2019-nCoV was recorded on January 9 after a 61-year-old man in Wuhan contracted the illness. The second death in China was reported yesterday. In Japan, the man’s symptoms started on January 3 while he was traveling in Wuhan. The virus popped up in Thailand after a 61-year-old Chinese woman from Wuhan visited the country. Thermal scanner on a Japanese airport The Huanan Seafood Market in Wuhan was shut down and cleaned. Some airports like the one in Narita, Japan are doing thermal scans of passengers. „There is still many unknowns, and the situation may continue to evolve,” Professor Christian Drosten said in a statement published online.
Love in the Time of Corona(virus). 	"By JESSICA PAG-IWAYAN
Since the mysterious coronavirus first emerged in the province of Wuhan, China, in December 2019, the deadly disease has spread quickly. As of this writing, more than 7,700 cases of coronavirus have been recorded worldwide, with a death toll over 130 people.
Here are some photos that show how it affects the lives of many from different parts of globe, particularly in Asian countries like China and South Korea.
1. LOVE WILL KEEP US ALIVE
Mask-clad pedestrians walk past an art installation in Taipei on Jan. 30. (Photo by Sam Yeh/AFP)
2. YOU MAKE ME FEEL BUBBLY
People have improvised precautionary measures by using recycled plastic bottles. (@K_Kiumbe)
3. PONG
Masked family members play a board game at home in Jianli county, Hubei province, China. (Photo by EPA-EFE/LIU TAO CHINA OUT)
4. SPRAY IT DON’T SAY IT
Staff members disinfecting at the Yingtan North Railway Station in Nanchang in China’s central Jiangxi province. (Photo by STR/AFP/China OUT)
5. THE SHOW MASK GO ON
Despite the threat of coronavirus, South Korean officials push through on performing the Royal Guard Changing Ceremony. (Photo by EPA-EFE/JEON HEON-KYUN)
6. THE MASKETEERS
During the Royal Guard Changing ceremony, at Deoksu Palace in Seoul, South Korean officials wear Royal Guard uniforms with protection masks. The Royal Guard Changing ceremony is a popular spectacle for tourists visiting the city. (Photo by EPA-EFE/JEON HEON-KYUN)
7 . LADY IN MASK
An old woman wears a mask at home at a village in Jianli county, Hubei province, China. (Photo by EPA-EFE/LIU TAO CHINA OUT)
8. MASK GATHERING
Masked family members pose for a family photo in Jianli county, Hubei province, China. (Photo by EPA-EFE/LIU TAO CHINA OUT)
9. TRAVEL ESSENTIALS
Wearing a protective mask, a passenger walks into Beijing West Railway Station, in Beijing on Jan. 24. (Photo by NICOLAS ASFOURI/AFP)
Tags: China , Coronavirus , South Korea , Taipei"
7 Tips to protect your family from Corona Virus in Chennai. 	"The map from Johns Hopkins University’s Center for Systems Science and Engineering follows coronavirus cases across the world . According to the tracker, there are 11374 reported cases around the world. 259 of them have succumbed to the disease and 252 have recovered from the disease. Death Rate due to Corona Virus
According to the various estimates, the death rate due to Corona Virus is 2%. If the incidences in Wuhan are dropped, then the rate drops to 0.3%. This is significantly lower to the 34% death rate of Swine Flu. Corona Virus in Chennai Tamilnadu Government Response System to Corona Virus
According to the Health Minister of Tamilnadu Dr. C Vijaya Bhasker, The Government of Tamilnadu has created a High-Level committee to track the progress of the Virus and incidence in Tamil Nadu.
He added that the State Health Department officials are also conducting symptomatic screening at the international terminals in Chennai and Madurai. Corona Virus Screening for Travellers arriving in International Terminal
The Ministry of Civil Aviation (MoCA) has mandated Thermal Screening for passengers arriving from Mainland China and Hong Kong at Chennai airport following the threat of the Novel Corona Virus Disease (nCoV), which has spread in Wuhan, Hubei province of China.
The airports have been asked to provide space at the pre-immigration area with logistics to install thermal cameras. Airlines staff have been directed to bring passengers to the health counters before immigration checks.
“So far, there have been no suspected cases of coronavirus in Tamil Nadu. A Senior committee is monitoring the preparedness on a day to day basis. The isolation ward at Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital is being checked to keep an eye on our treatment protocol”. Home Tips to prevent Corona Virus in Chennai
First and foremost Don’t Panic!
Some of the basic hygiene that you can follow at home based on inputs from the World Health Organization is: Frequently clean hands by using alcohol-based hand rub or soap and water; When coughing and sneezing cover mouth and nose with flexed elbow or tissue – throw the tissue away immediately and wash hands; Avoid close contact with anyone who has a fever and cough; If you have a fever, cough and difficulty breathing seek medical care early and share previous travel history with your health care provider; When visiting live markets in areas currently experiencing cases of a novel coronavirus, avoid direct unprotected contact with live animals and surfaces in contact with animals; Avoid the consumption of raw or undercooked animal products. Fresh meat, milk, or animal organs should be handled with care. This is to avoid cross-contamination with uncooked foods, as per good food safety practices. Drink plenty of fluids. Chennai Doctors and Hospitals to treat Corona Virus
The King Institute of Preventive Medicine , Guindy, is establishing a coronavirus testing center. All government hospitals have established isolation wards and support systems are already on stand-by. Tamil Medicine for preventing Corona Virus
According to doctors, there is currently no vaccination to prevent the virus. But general foods that boost immunity would help the body.
One of the following Naatu Marundu concentrations are recommended:
Garlic Juice:
Step 1: Take 10 pods of Garlic and blend it smoothly until a paste consistency is achieved.
Step 2: Now filter the juice from off the paste using a strainer
Step 3: Add a few drops of Lemon and 2 tsp Honey for taste.
The above Garlic Concentration should be taken 1 tablespoon per day on an empty stomach for up to 3 months. The Concentrate is anti-fungual, anti-bacterial and anti-viral.
Raw Amla:
One Raw Amala a Day is the most effective and natural way to build your body’s immunity. Many of our ancestor’s who have lived over 90 years have attributed their good health and longevity to having Raw Amala.
The traditional Nilavembu juice, Ginger, Turmeric juices are other options to improve the immunity of your body. Hence, we recommend that you either make concentrated juices (Kashyams) of them or add liberal portions of these ingredients to your everyday staple diet. Commercial Products for building Immunity
If you run out of time to cook home-made juice concertations, you may choose to buy certain products that build your body’s immunity. The products recommended are time-tested and organic. But, we request you use your discretion and most of all your physician’s advice before using them. Dabur Chyawanprash : One tablespoon for adults and 1 Tea Spoon for Kids every day. Cipla Immuno Boosters : One Bar a Day for Children over 7+ Years."
Corona Virus Warning : How importing Chinese Labourers Led to the most deadly disease event in Modern history. 	"Corona Virus Warning : How importing Chinese Labourers Led to the most deadly disease event in Modern history Posted on February 7, 2020
Corona Virus Warning : How importing Chinese Labourers Led to the most deadly disease event in Modern History
According to Professor Mark Humphries (Wilfrid Laurier University) the world-wide flu which killed more than 50 million people originated in China in the winter of 1917-18. This was near the end of World War 1. His research looks at three often-cited origins of the disease : (1) The U.S.; (2) France and (3) China. He concludes that China is the site that makes most sense.
The insights provided by Professor Humphries in his 2014 research should have accentuated the absolute necessity for health checks on immigrants/migrants coming to Canada—particularly at this time of the Corona virus. A large percentage of Canada’s current immigrants come from China and India whose environments have been described respectively as an “environmental catastrophe” and an “environmental disaster”. Let us translate for the benefit of uninformed Trudeau, ethnic Chinese NDP MP Jenny Kwan, NDP leader Jagmeet Singh and a host of equally uninformed MP’s and other politicians : The terms “Environmental catastrophe” and “environmental disaster” mean “breeding grounds for viruses”. A large percentage of Canada’s immigrants come from those breeding grounds.
However, instead of recognizing the absolute necessity for health checks, Kwan and many other politicians in the past few years have advocated for the abolition of health checks. Consider also that Trudeau ‘s foolish declaration in 2015 that “Canada would take all refugees” has resulted in Canada taking thousands of fake refugees from Ebola-riddled Nigeria. Finally, note that Trudeau also mined the Russian province of Chechnya in search of gays. Those people are potential carriers of HIV.
Here are some important details in Professor Humphries’ research that Trudeau, all MP’s and other politicians should note :
(1) The deadliest epidemics in history have been those which occurred when previously isolated populations came into sustained contact with one another. The three worst were The Plague of Justinian in the Byzantine Empire (541-542 AD), the Black Death in Europe (1347-1400 AD) and the smallpox epidemic in the New “World”populations (1500 AD +).
(2) As early as 1914, “public health officials feared that a global war might bring new diseases home to civilian populations.” In August, 1914, Canada’s future Surgeon-General, Dr. Guy Carleton Jones, ominously wrote : “The trail of infected armies leaves a sad tale of sickness amongst the women and children and non-combatants.” (P.56) According to The Canadian Encyclopedia, the Spanish flu (really the Chinese flu) killed about 40,000 Canadians.
(3) The 1918 Flu started in China but it spread around the world because formerly-isolated, virus-carrying Chinese came into contact with Canadians, Americans, British, French, other Europeans and then Africans who had had little previous contact with one another.
(4) The contact between the Chinese and other populations happened because the British/French allies in WW1 against Germany needed a large number of workers to do mostly non-combatant work (loading and unloading ships, etc,) behind the front lines of World War 1. The British and the French negotiated with China to bring large numbers of Chinese to Europe. The workers were referred to as the “Chinese Labour Corps” When British authorities saw signs of health dangers, they could have reduced the inflow, but felt committed to the Chinese.
(5) The British asked Canada to help with transporting the Chinese to Europe. Canada agreed. Canada soon accepted the Chinese at its west coast ports (William Head near Victoria first and then Vancouver). It then put the Chinese on CPR trains which took the Chinese to Halifax or to U.S. ports. The Canadian government kept the agreement completely secret. It housed the Chinese in its quarantine facility at William Head. It did examine the Chinese for diseases such as trachoma (a contagious inflammation of the eyelids) and external parasites. It also looked out for signs of flu. When the Chinese were considered ready to leave, they were taken to Vancouver and transferred to trains. It took many cross-country trips to send all the Chinese out. Each train car was guarded by Canadian soldiers and sealed. Dr. James Morton, in his book titled “In The Sea of Sterile Mountains”, says that about 200,000 Chinese Labour Corps members were transported to Canada’s east coast. (P. 229) The trains stopped in Petawawa, Ontario to give the Chinese labourers a rest and then resumed the trip to Halifax. The Chinese labourers were then moved on to ships which took them to southern England. From England, they were moved to France. One big question that Professor Humphries does not deal with is this : What role did the guards play in spreading the disease when they left their work? Humphries says that during 1917-18 alone, 94,000 Chinese workers were shipped by the British from China. (P.72)
(6) Professor Humphries says : “We now know that influenza is caused by a virus which finds its natural home in wild ducks and only infects humans when it crosses the species barrier, sometimes directly passing from birds to people, sometimes passing through an intermediary species such as pigs or horses. When an animal virus becomes a human disease, it has the potential to cause a pandemic because people have no prior immunity. There have been five such episodes in the past 125 years (1889, 1918, 1957, 1968, and 2009); the 1918 virus was by far the most severe, and researchers are still not sure why.” (P. 58)
(7) As with the corona virus now, Chinese medical officials and political authorities downplayed and covered up the extent and severity of the influenza in Northern China where the Chinese labourers lived. They resented the concerns of an international legation (French and British mostly). When one of their own, a Chinese Doctor Wu who had been trained in Europe, agreed with the international legation, they fired him.
(8) The records of the majority of Chinese Labour Corps units do not appear to have survived in (Canadian ?) archives, but references to the Chinese Labour Corps in the files of other units are informative. The first reports of influenza refer directly to members of the Chinese Labour Corps (April, 2018) .
(9) British records reported that an epidemic of influenza was in progress in Plymouth, England in late July of 1918. CLC members were there in large numbers. An Australian-built ship, the Mantua which left Plymouth on a trip to Freeport in British west Africa, soon reported that 176 sailors were sick with influenza and pneumonia. Ten sailors died and the disease spread in the city of Freeport. From there, the disease spread down the west coast of Africa. Other ships leaving Europe spread the disease to U.S. ports such as Boston. The disease then spread to all of Massachussetts and New York State. Over the next few months, 675,000 Americans died of influenza or pneumonia.
(10) The mobilization of the Chinese Labour Corps moved tens of thousands from the interior of northern China where a confirmed outbreak of a virulent respiratory disease had occurred. Let us repeat : The disease eventually killed more then 50 million people. The term “Spanish flu” was used not because the flu originated in Spain, but because Spain kept detailed records on the flu.
(11) In Humphries words, “The result (of the migration of the Chinese Labour Corps) was the most deadly disease event in history.” (P.81)
(12) Would Canadians be far off in labeling Trudeau, his “Diversity is Canada’s strength” policy and a host of Canada’s politicians as Canada’s real “National Viruses”?"
Coronavirus from Wuhan (China). 2019-nCoV. What you need to know to avoid a panic epidemic. 	"Wuhan coronavirus comes from animals
There is only one health, and the world is unique to the viruses, bacteria and fungi that infect us.
«A single health» groups the study and the response to human health problems taking into account the problems of flora and fauna (animals, domesticated and wild) and the environment. This global vision is essential to understand the complex interaction of humans with their natural environment and with that modified by human activity itself.
Although the virus could originate months before, the initial focus of the outbreak in the city of Wuhan (China) was located in the central seafood market, where wild animals were also sold (legal and illegal sale). There are coronaviruses in many mammals, from bats to dogs and humans. Some of the common cold virus are coronaviruses, for example.
Coronaviruses have the ability to mutate and jump from animal to human. Wuhan’s new coronavirus is spread like cold virus, but it seems not so easily. It produces flu-like symptoms and in some cases severe pneumonia that leads to death, especially in patients with major underlying diseases (for example, cancer with metastasis). Their mortality rate is 3% (3 people out of 100 infected die). There are other coronaviruses that produce similar cases to Wuhan’s
Coronaviruses have existed for thousands of years, but in the 21st century some new ones have appeared, not only Wuhan’s. They could cause pneumonia and other complications that lead to death in some cases. In 2002-3, we had the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome known by its acronym SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome). His mortality rate was 11% In 2012, the outbreak of the Middle East respiratory syndrome, known by its acronym in English MERS (Middle East respiratory syndrome). Its mortality rate was 36%. How have previous coronavirus outbreaks been controlled?
The best case-study is that of SARS in which about 8,000 cases were diagnosed in a total of 30 countries and did more than 700. The key thing was the prompt diagnosis and isolation of patients in hospitals, and of the contacts in their homes (voluntary quarantine). In the hospital, the spread of the virus was avoided with the usual hygienic measures. As in the MERS, was high the mortality that occurred in inpatient outbreaks. The treatment was supportive (fluids, oxygen, etc), with antibiotics for bacterial complications. Is a good idea placing millions of people in more than a dozen Chinese cities under intense travel restrictions?
In China, an attempt have being made to control the outbreak in Wuhan with the mandatory quarantine of millions of people, through the «closure» of several cities, cutting the connections by air and land. This mandatory quarantine is an expression, at the same time, of a dictatorial state and a weak health system, especially as regards to the control of infectious diseases. In general, mandatory quarantines are no evidence based. Health screening strategies for international air travelers
Experience shows that temperature controls are not useful. They have no sense the «screenings» at arrival airports. What works are screenings (questionnaires PLUS temperature control) in exit airports, before departure from the affected country.
Take into account that you can be infected with coranovirus and have no symptoms, but transmit it and hence the value of the questionnaires at the airport of departure. How to protect yourself and others?
There are currently no vaccines available to protect you against human coronavirus infection. There are no specific treatments for illnesses caused by human coronaviruses. In case of mild disease just follow the usual behaviour in a common cold.
According to the CDC advises, you may be able to reduce your risk of infection by doing the following: 1. wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds 2. avoid touching your eyes, nose, or mouth with unwashed hands 3. avoid close contact with people who are sick
If you have cold-like symptoms, you can help protect others by doing the following; stay home while you are sick 1. avoid close contact with others 2. cover your mouth and nose with a tissue when you cough or sneeze, then throw the tissue in the trash and wash your hands 3. clean and disinfect objects and surfaces
You don’t have to take special precautions with animals, or with food.
At this time it is more important to control panic than to control deaths.
Continuous mistakes are being made, as I have already noted: 1. forced quarantine of millions of people 2. controls at arrival airports 3. border closures 4. suspension of communications, and 5. ignorance of panic dynamics
The key questions in the outbreak of the Wuhan coronavirus (as in general for infections) is to have a well developed disease control system and a good health system with universal coverage. There is neither vaccine nor specific treatment for Wuhan’s coronavirus but the situation is much better than in the SARS outbreak, due to the lower mortality rate (3 vs. 11%). Is there a Cochrane Review about physical interventions to interrupt or reduce the spread of respiratory viruses?
Yes. This is the summary: «Respiratory virus spread can be reduced by hygienic measures (such as handwashing), especially around younger children. Frequent handwashing can also reduce transmission from children to other household members. Implementing barriers to transmission, such as isolation, and hygienic measures (wearing masks, gloves and gowns) can be effective in containing respiratory virus epidemics or in hospital wards. We found no evidence that the more expensive, irritating and uncomfortable N95 respirators were superior to simple surgical masks. It is unclear if adding virucidals or antiseptics to normal handwashing with soap is more effective. There is insufficient evidence to support screening at entry ports and social distancing (spatial separation of at least one metre between those infected and those non-infected) as a method to reduce spread during epidemics”.
So you may see that Cochrane recomends the use of facemask and the CDC no. What to do? An interesting and very well done study ends supporting the CDC position: “Facemask use does not prevent clinical or laboratory-confirmed viral respiratory infections among Hajj pilgrims” (pilgrims gathering in Mecca for Hajj pilgr). Suspect case
If the patient satisfies general AND clinical criteria, they are classified as a suspect case.
General criteria 1. travel from Hubei Province, China in the 14 days before the onset of illness or travel to agreed areas of human-to-human transmission, or a declared outbreak, within 14 days before onset of illness, or 2. close contact with a confirmed case of 2019-nCoV within the last 14 days.
Clinical criteria 1. fever or history of fever and acute respiratory infection (sudden onset of respiratory infection with at least one of: shortness of breath, cough or sore throat), or 2. severe acute respiratory infection requiring admission to hospital with clinical or radiological evidence of pneumonia or acute respiratory distress syndrome (i.e. even if no evidence of fever)
A close contact is defined as requiring greater than 15 minutes face-to-face contact with a confirmed case in any setting, or the sharing of a closed space with a confirmed case for a prolonged period (e.g. more than 2 hours). In summary
Coronaviruses have been with us for thousands of years, and we are prepared to overcome their infections.
If you have traveled to Wuhan (China) or have had close contact with those who have traveled there and have severe catarrhal symptoms with respiratory distress, consult your doctor especially if you have any underlying disease.
In all other cases avoid a panic epidemic, be prudent.
"
2019-nCov | Netizens criticize poor treatment of Hubei residents. 	"2019-nCov | Netizens criticize poor treatment of Hubei residents . People wearing face masks walk down a deserted street in Wuhan in central China’s Hubei Province
Chinese netizens have accused provincial authorities across the greater China region of discriminating against residents of Hubei province. Starting from this week, many mainland cities have restricted the number of hotels that will accept guests from Hubei province, home to Wuhan city where the novel coronavirus originated. As of Monday, over 28 mainland provinces have implemented similar measures, in addition to Hong Kong and Macau. In Macau’s neighboring city of Zhuhai, the local government has appointed five hotels to accept Hubei residents. According to a notice published by Gongbei police authority, any Hubei resident who needs to stay in Zhuhai can only check in to these assigned five hotels. The measure has triggered resentment and disappointment expressed on mainland social media site Weibo, among others, with netizens accusing their compatriots of “Sinophobia” against their own people. In comparison with the treatment received at home, some Chinese netizens are applauding the conduct of other countries, including the country’s historical adversary, Japan. “Outside of China, no places have sent Hubei residents to concentration camps,” wrote one Weibo user who uses the alias JourneyCA. “Taiwan refused to sell [surgical] masks to the mainland. Taiwan, Singapore, and Macau kicked out Hubei residents, Hong Kong people beat up Hubei people on the streets. These places are so-called Chinese places. Japan on the other hand, which is often accused [of Sinophobia], is extending the visa for Hubei residents,” Weibo blogger Ge Xiaofei wrote. Besides praise for the abovementioned measure, mainland netizens are also applauding Japan for encouraging China to fight the virus. While China’s historical “enemy” has been given positive attention on mainland social networks, Macau has been criticized for being unkind. Since Monday, the local government in Macau has implemented measures to eject Hubei residents. Hubei visitors were given the option to either leave Macau immediately or be quarantined. “During a national calamity, who is on your side and who is not can be easily [ascertained]. Where is Macau exporting Hubei people to? To Zhuhai. Why does Zhuhai accept Hubei people, but Macau does not?” another Weibo user wrote, also contrasting the reactions in China with those in Japan. While some Weibo users have criticized the actions of Macau, others are defending the territory. One Weibo user explained that Macau’s preparations are vastly different to the measures employed by other provinces. Macau has used the term “isolation camp” to describe the shelter for Hubei residents, a term with negative connotations. On Weibo, the most searched topics relate to the epidemic. Distrust toward Hubei residents is rife on both the Weibo and WeChat networks. It was reported that Hubei residents have been refused by hotels, and the personal data of students from Wuhan have even been revealed publicly. About 60 million people live in the landlocked central province of mainland China, with its provincial capital, Wuhan, home to 11 million. Newspaper China Daily posted on social media that “Hubei people are compatriots and the virus is our common enemy.” Chinese propaganda media, including CCTV and the People’s Daily, have also urged Chinese nationals not to discriminate against Hubei people."
Corona virus so easy to totally cure. 	Jon's Text I am retired through a car accident, but my brain still works! I have an M.Eng, and I was doing a PhD into Global Warming, but this is only one of my interests! Do e-mail me, I like people! Hi. Doctors and Professors, talk to me. Tuesday, 28 January 2020 Corona virus so easy to totally cure Ultrasound—Cancer Cure: Cheap Home Cure to All Cancers This item has not been rated yet Price: £13.41 (excl. VAT) Prints in 3-5 business days Ultrasound—Cancer Cure explores a perspective and revolutionary new treatment for cancer: high-intensity ultrasound, a noninvasive but promising new treatment that is being studied as a way to treat all cancers and could even cure in just one application. Author Dr. Jon Thomason shares research from the Moffitt Cancer Center, which pioneered research into this application of ultrasound, and he explains both how ultrasound works and how, more importantly, it can be used to as a treatment for cancer. Chemotherapy and surgery are not the only options for patients suffering from cancer. Ultrasound is a promising new alternative that could offer a noninvasive treatment without the debilitating side-effects of radiation and surgery. Certificate of registration The US library of congress has just registered 'Ultrasound – Cheap Home Cure To All Cancers' TX 8-659-428 Like all viruses, Corona needs infected body cells to acquire a non native inflated cell structure. Regular body cells bud off the DNA intact stem cells. Virus cells are required to divide a multiplier he in a viral fashion. Only possible if the cell is inflated!June 2002 three medical professors at the Moffitt cancer centre published the use of one session of High Intensity UltraSound to clear all cancer and viral cells from the body and brain.They are found that the HIUS caused by the cancer all viral cells, to boil and pop. Professor Zimmerman told me why in 2001. Ultrasound causes liquid water to boil, as some of the water molecules do molecular nuclear fusion. 1 H2O+US->He2++O++E2+X-ray The answer to manmade global warming! He was so embarrassed by his genius, he finished my PH D studies with no award.This process skills with water pressure. So regular body cells experience ultrasound pounds above 180 Watts 40 kHz. But the pressurise viral or cancer cells boil and pop, that only e.g. 8 W 1 MHz ultrasound. 5 W 1 MHz also works. That is 150 W 40 kHz. 1Mhz Ultrasound Handheld Health Grade Ultrasound Therapy Unit for Pain Relief 1 viewed per hour
Epidemiological and clinical characteristics of 99 Wuhan nCoV cases . 	Days from illness onset to dyspnoea 8·0 (5·0–13·0) 8·0 (6·0–17·0) 6·5 (2·0–10·0) 0·22 Days from first admission to transfer 5·0 (1·0–8·0) 8·0 (5·0–14·0) 1·0 (1·0–6·5) 0·0023 125·0 (119·0–135·0) 145·0 (123·0–167·0) 122·0 (118·5–129·5) 0·018 Respiratory rate >24 breaths per min 12 (29%) 4 (14%) 0·0023 Data are median (IQR), n (%), or n/N (%), where N is the total number of patients with available data. p values comparing ICU care and no ICU care are from χ 2 test, Fisher's exact test, or Mann-Whitney U test. 2019-nCoV=2019 novel coronavirus. ICU=intensive care unit. Open table in a new tab 27 (66%) patients had direct exposure to Huanan seafood market ( figure 1 B). Market exposure was similar between the patients with ICU care (nine [69%]) and those with non-ICU care (18 [64%]). The symptom onset date of the first patient identified was Dec 1, 2019. None of his family members developed fever or any respiratory symptoms. No epidemiological link was found between the first patient and later cases. The first fatal case, who had continuous exposure to the market, was admitted to hospital because of a 7-day history of fever, cough, and dyspnoea. 5 days after illness onset, his wife, a 53-year-old woman who had no known history of exposure to the market, also presented with pneumonia and was hospitalised in the isolation ward. The most common symptoms at onset of illness were fever (40 [98%] of 41 patients), cough (31 [76%]), and myalgia or fatigue (18 [44%]); less common symptoms were sputum production (11 [28%] of 39), headache (three [8%] of 38), haemoptysis (two [5%] of 39), and diarrhoea (one [3%] of 38; table 1 ). More than half of patients (22 [55%] of 40) developed dyspnoea. The median duration from illness onset to dyspnoea was 8·0 days (IQR 5·0–13·0). The median time from onset of symptoms to first hospital admission was 7·0 days (4·0–8·0), to shortness of breath was 8·0 days (5·0–13·0), to ARDS was 9·0 days (8·0–14·0), to mechanical ventilation was 10·5 days (7·0–14·0), and to ICU admission was 10·5 days (8·0–17·0; figure 2 ). Figure 2 Timeline of 2019-nCoV cases after onset of illness 
Wuhan coronavirus? 2019 nCoV? Naming a new disease. 	"West Nile virus, Lyme disease, Ebola virus.
And now: 2019 nCoV?
“Just rolls off the tongue, doesn't it?” said Trevor Hoppe, a researcher at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro, who has studied the history of disease names.
The name, which stands for 2019 novel coronavirus , has been assigned to the virus behind the outbreak of flu-like illnesses that started in China late last year.
Scientists are still learning about the new virus, so it's hard to come up with a good name, Hoppe said. The current one is likely temporary, said Dr. Nancy Messonnier of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
“Once people have a chance to catch their breath, it might be changed,\"" Messonnier said.
Many media outlets have been skipping the clunky 2019 nCoV and just calling it the new virus or new coronavirus, which isn't very specific. Coronavirus is the umbrella term for a large group of viruses , including the one that causes the common cold.
Since the outbreak is centered in the central Chinese city of Wuhan, others have been using Wuhan virus or Wuhan coronavirus or even Wuhan flu—even though flu is an entirely different virus.
It's consistent with a centuries-old tradition of naming new ailments after cities, countries, or regions of the world where they first popped up. West Nile was first detected in the West Nile district of Uganda; Lyme disease in Old Lyme, Conn.; and Ebola in a village near Africa's Ebola River.
But that can sometimes be wrong or misleading. The 1918 pandemic was called Spanish flu, though researchers don't think Spain is where it actually started.
“Now we have a much different sensibility and tolerance about how we refer to things,” said Dr. Howard Markel , a medical historian at the University of Michigan.
In 2015, the World Health Organization issued guidelines that discouraged the use of geographic locations (like Zika virus), animals (swine flu), or groups of people (Legionnaires' disease).
Hoppe noted that AIDS, when it first emerged in the early 1980s, was called “gay-related immune deficiency.\"" That was dropped as it became clear that heterosexuals were also spreading the virus. AIDS stands for acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
With the guidelines, WHO was trying to bring an end to unnecessary stigma that could ostracize people and damage business. Demand for pork plunged in 2009 with so-called swine flu, first identified in a boy who lived on a pig farm in Mexico—even though it wasn't spread through eating pork.
Markel said he liked when diseases were named after the scientists who first described them. (Think Alzheimer, Parkinson, and Tourette.) That was once common but may be more problematic today with scientists across the world working on a new ailment at the same time.
As for the new virus, “I can see why they want to name it something generic but it has to be something people use,” he said. “Otherwise the easier name will take over, and it's naive to think otherwise.\""
In the end, the WHO may have little control over what it's called, he added.
“'Wuhan virus' is very catchy—no pun intended,\"" Markel said. “It's a very contagious name.”
 — Coronavirus forces China’s neighbors to make tough choices
— Asia worries about big events like the Olympics amid coronavirus spread
—China will struggle to spend its way out of the coronavirus economic slowdown
—On facial recognition , Berlin and London choose different paths
—Fortune Explains: Tariffs and trade wars
Catch up with Data Sheet , Fortune’s daily digest on the business of tech."
Bar Slammed For Using The Coronavirus To Throw A Corona Special. 	"A New Zealand bar has come under fire for launching a Corona beer special while taking the mick out of the coronavirus.
House of Hood, in Hamilton, uploaded a picture of a Corona beer bottle with a face mask over the neck and a caption that read: ""Let's be honest, there are worse things you can catch in Hamilton."" Advert
In another picture, it showed two blokes dressed in HAZMAT suits with Coronas as if a virus hadn't killed dozens of people. Credit: House on Hood
It was attached with a caption saying: ""Virus or no virus, we still think Coronas are pretty great, so while the pandemic lasts, we're selling Coronas for just $6.50, all day, every day.
""Mention your corona loving mates to let them know about this great deal and you could be sharing a free one-metre pizza this Friday at House.""
When the bar uploaded the pictures, people were not impressed. Advert
One person wrote: ""More than 130 people have died and many more is still suffering, whereas you guys are making fun of it, just to earn more money for your business. Credit: House on Hood
Another added: ""How on earth do you think this is OK?! You wouldn't run a '$6.50 on all Aussie beers for the entire bush fire season' so why is this okay?!""
Despite the backlash, the owner doesn't seem to mind the online hate.
In a statement to the Daily Mail , John Lawrenson, chief executive of the Lawrenson Group, which operates House on Hood, said: ""I'd just like to say thanks to all the snowflakes for the free advertising and thanks to everyone else with a sense of humour who liked the post.""
The House on Hood isn't the only place being accused of being insensitive over the coronavirus.
YouTuber-cum-boxer Logan Paul has been criticised over post he shared on Instagram ."
GST virus is more dangerous than corona says Dr. Ashok Saraf . 	GST virus is more dangerous than corona virus and the same has effected all the small traders of the country including the CA and tax practitioners, says Dr Ashok Saraf during an argue of a PIL in connection with the failure of GST portal. The Federation & Tax Bar Association on Saturday filed a PIL with regard to filing of Form GSTR 9 & 9C and the technical glitches and non functioning of GST portal came up today for motion hearing before a division bench of the Gauhati High Court comprising the Chief Justice Mr. Ajay Lamba and Mr. Justice Soumitra Saikia. Dr. Ashok Saraf, Senior Advocate assisted by a team of lawyers including Mr. Suman Chetia, Mr. Amit Goyal, Mr. Sanjay Kumar Sureka advocates appeared before the Court and argued the case for nearly 45 minutes. Dr Saraf submitted before the Court that the CA and tax practitioners ( TP ) are going to temples for performing pujas so that the GST portal may work. Dr. Saraf also in the lighter side submitted that the people are not willing to give their daughters for marriage to the CAs and TPs as they know that the family life shall be ruined as the CA and TP shall only be busy in trying to upload the papers in GST portal. Dr. Saraf also referred to various screen shots of GST portal to convince the Court that the GST portal is non functional most of the time. Dr. Saraf submitted that non functioning of GST portal is intentional by some unscrupulous people so that they may take advantage by taking GST refunds. The Court appreciated the submissions but observed that since the date has already been extended, no interim order can be passed today. However the court directed the petitioners to submit a representation to the authority by today itself by e-mail and a copy shall be given to S C Kayal , ASG seeking extension of time for 30 days. The court further directed that on such representation being submitted, the authority shall consider for extending the date for one month for NE region. Inspite of repeated requests made to make the above observation applicable for the entire country, the Court observed that since the jurisdiction of the court is only NE region, the Court cannot pass an order for the entire Country.  
Will Corona Bat Beer Virus End Alaska Cruise Ship Tours?. 	"In 2020 , it's expected that 606 cruise line sailings will carry about 1.41 million tourists to Alaska; a majority of them porting in Ketchikan first before sailing up the inside waters to destinations in Sitka and Juneau. The first ship will arrive in Ketchikan on April 25th bringing with them a crew of 910 and 2,680 passengers and if the schedule holds, Ketchikan and Alaska will have a 5th consecutive record breaking visitors.
In short, Southeast, Alaska depends on tourism. Unfortunately, there could be a wrench in the cruise ship travel industry with two cruise ships already linked directly to the corona virus--one in Japan and one in New Jersey:
61 passengers on cruise ship quarantined in Japan test positive for coronavirus :
Dozens more passengers aboard a Princess Cruises ship in Japan have tested positive for the coronavirus. As of Friday, 41 more people, including eight Americans, had been confirmed to have the potentially lethal virus, bringing the total number of infected passengers to 61.
A total of 3,700 passengers and workers, including three Americans, are quarantined on the ship, which is harbored in the port city of Yokohama. Tests are pending on one remaining group of passengers who either showed symptoms or were in contact with a man who was diagnosed with the virus after leaving the ship in Hong Kong.
NBC New York :
More than two dozen Chinese nationals who traveled aboard a cruise ship that returned to New Jersey were screened for signs of the new virus that has sicked tens of thousands in mainland China and killed more than 600. Four of the passengers on the ship were taken to a hospital out of caution.
Bayonne Mayor Jimmy Davis tells NBC New York that one of the four travelers who had come from China for the Royal Caribbean's Anthem of the Seas cruise through the Caribbean had a fever on the ship. The person was given Tylenol and the fever went away.
Three others are under close observation and they were taken to University Hospital in Newark, which has negative-pressure isolation rooms, the mayor said. Gov. Phil Murphy added that the hospital was following proper infection control protocols while evaluating the travelers.
How Serious is Corona Virus?
Always, always listen to John Cusack, unfortunately, as of this writing we weren't able to contact John for his opinion on the virus. Fortunately, it seems that this virus is contained in China and while it is distrupting tourism and the economy world-wide, it most likely won't impact us in an apocalyptic way.
"
Asian countries News: Karona virus: Death outside China, total number reached 305 - corona virus first death outside China in philippines. 	"Beijing The death toll because of the lethal Karona virus an infection unfold in China has risen to 304 and has confirmed 14,380 individuals contaminated. The National Health Commission (NHC) gave this info in its every day report. Apart from this, now the information of the first death outside China has come from this virus. One particular person has died on account of karona virus in the Philippines. The World Health Organization gave this info on Sunday.Common data of Pakistani President on Karona virus might be heard!
The man who died in the Philippines was from Wuhan, China. “This is the first case of death outside China,” Ravindra Abeyasinghe, a Philippine consultant on the WHO, advised reporters.
All deaths in Hubei province of China According to China’s NSC, all individuals have died in Hubei province. The Commission reported that 4,562 new suspected circumstances of this an infection have been reported on Saturday. He mentioned that 315 sufferers grew to become severely ailing on Saturday and 85 individuals have been discharged from the hospital after restoration. The fee mentioned {that a} total of two,110 sufferers are in essential situation and a total of 19,544 individuals are suspected to have been contaminated with the virus. A total of 328 individuals have been discharged from the hospital after bettering well being.
Kerala: Confirmation of second affected person of Karona virus in India
Let us know that the virus was detected in early December and it’s anticipated to unfold from the market in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province, the place wild animals are offered for meat.
328 obtained discharged from hospital in China A total of 328 sufferers contaminated with the karona virus have been discharged from the hospital by the top of Saturday after recovering. China’s well being officers gave this info on Sunday. According to the information company Xinhua, the National Health Commission (NHC) mentioned in its every day report that 85 individuals (49 in Hubei) have been discharged from hospital after recovering on Saturday.
Karona Virus: Aircraft carrying 323 Indian nationals from Wuhan, China to Delhi
Israel imposed a ban on residents getting back from China In the final two weeks, Israel has banned entry of individuals touring to China in the previous two weeks because of the menace of the Karona virus. The Israeli Interior Ministry acknowledged that the ban wouldn’t apply to Israeli residents. Israel additionally banned all flights from China on Thursday, however Israel went a step additional on Saturday, changing into the third nation in the world to enter the nation of international nationals touring to China inside 14 days."
 How The Corona Virus is Affecting Local Businesses, The History of the 2 Freeway, Doulas in LA . 	"A motorcyclist rides the Angeles Crest Highway (State Route 2) in the Angeles National Forest on October 2, 2013 in the San Gabriel Mountains, northeast of Los Angeles, California. The Angeles Crest Highway (State Route 2) remains open but campgrounds and other recreation areas as well as services within the Angeles National Forest are closed for a second day due to the partial government shutdown as House Republicans demand that the Senate and President Obama give in to efforts to defund the Affordable Care Act law, also known as Obamacare. (Photo by David McNew/Getty Images) David McNew/Getty Images Download this story 37MB Coronavirus Business Effect Despite the alarming number of cases in China —more than 28,000 as of today— the spread of the virus in the U.S. has been limited. Health officials in Wisconsin confirmed on Tuesday the state's first case of coronavirus, bringing the total number of cases in this country to 12. But with China being hit so hard, its businesses here in Southern California that are feeling the real pain right now. Guest: Robert Garrova, KPCC General Assignment Reporter Coronavirus Xenophobia There is some good news on the coronavirus front: A patient in Orange County — one of six confirmed cases in California — has been released from the hospital in good condition. And epidemiologists say the disease poses a low risk to people outside of China — but that hasn't stopped xenophobia against Asians from spreading around the world, including right here in Los Angeles. Guest: Josie Huang, KPCC Asian American Communities Correspondent DMV License Photo Bill Do you think you always look bad in your driver's license photo? Then you're in luck. A new law could give you up to three shots at getting just the right picture. It's called AB 2405. It was proposed last week by state Assemblyman Phillip Chen from Diamond Bar. He said it was partly inspired by his work last year where he asked Californians about how to improve the DMV experience. Under his idea, for each extra picture you want, you'll be asked for a five-dollar voluntary donation that goes to driver education programs. Then you can pick the best one out of those three. It would be the second ""shot"" for this kind of law — a similar one was proposed in 2018 before it stalled out. But right now, if you wanted to get a new picture for your license, you'd have to pay upwards of $32 to get a duplicate ID. In that case, you'd have NO guarantee that you'd like the new pic they would take. If this new law passes, however then you'll be able to start super modeling at the DMV on January first, 2022. Veteran Peer Counseling A growing body of research is showing the value of peer counseling for military veterans returning to civilian life. Programs for former service members to support each other have become common around the country, and in some cases have been shown to be more helpful than traditional mental health treatment. KPCC'S Alyssa Jeong Perry reports for the American Homefront Project. Doulas in Los Angeles Los Angeles is one of several places around the country that are enlisting doulas to try and improve birth outcomes for moms and babies. Specifically, the target is African American mothers-to-be. That's because here in L.A. County new black moms die at disproportionately high rates and their babies are three times more likely NOT to make it to their first birthday compared to white infants. Guest: More on LAist.com An Ode to the 2 Freeway As Angelenos, we spend much of our time in the car - a total of 119 hours a year on average, if you go by one account from last year...and much of that is on a freeway. But because we are ALL in it together, we decided to have a little with fun with it. Earlier this week, we put up a little poll asking people to name their favorite freeway.The options were: Route 2, the 110, the 405 or OTHER. https://twitter.com/taketwo/status/1224789325331582977?s=20 We figured, since most of you are forced to drive these freeways pretty regularly, you're bound to have a favorite. Or at least one you tolerate? For many of you, it is the 2 Freeway that's won your hearts. It picked up almost 40% of the votes. It's a sentiment echoed by Brenda Rees, who wrote a love letter to the freeway for The Eastsider last year. We asked her to come read it. Guest: Brenda Rees, Writer TBT: The Little Known History Of LA's Most Tolerable Freeway...the SR-2 The 2 Freeway runs 87 miles from Echo Park to the San Gabriel Mountains. It's periodically been written about, and it's a favorite for its scenic views and relative emptiness. But once upon a time, the 2 was supposed to cut through Silverlake and intersect with the 101, then continue west through Hollywood and into Beverly Hills all the way to the 405. Consequently, it was once known as the Beverly Hills Freeway. So what happened? Guest: More on LAist.com Sea Level Rise Kiribati As we face the potential threats associated with climate change, we may have some things to learn from our neighbors in the Pacific. A Pacific Island nation called Kiribati is projected to be the first country lost to sea-level rise. To prepare, their government is building sea walls... and bought land in Fiji as a potential refuge. But some residents say they have bigger concerns than climate change. Monique Myers is a California Sea Grant Extension Specialist, and she works on problems in coastal and marine environments. She visited Kiribati and wrote about her experience in an op-ed for the Sacramento Bee. Guest: Monique Myers, California Sea Grant Extension Specialist, and she works on problems in coastal and marine environments "
Corona, Zika Or SARS? Brands That Got Hit Hard In The Virus Name Game. 	"What's in a name?' Juliet once asked. It's not a question one would want to ask brands today probably because it'll conjure up the horrors that come from first naming a product, and then changing it because it just so happens there's a deadly virus with the same name doing the rounds .
That's some semantics hell right there.
The process is apparently as expensive as it is painful. Think millions lost in rebranding. The Guardian referring to a study wrote whenever a brand takes on the daunting task, sales take a hit by at least 5 per cent to 20 per cent. So as you can imagine, this not something that brands do on a whim. It's only when the name gets associated with something utterly disastrous that steps have to be taken.
While there have been brands that could spin the situation to their benefit, there are some that couldn't recover. While we're not deciding their fate, we are listing some brands here that made it to the red zone. 1. Coronavirus versus Corona beer.
This is as stupid as it is legit. People have been reportedly sweating it out on their keyboards searching for ' Corona beer virus .' It's hard to ignore the similarity in the two names, but it's stupid to believe they're the same. Corona beer, a pale ale, is what comes in a long-necked bottle with a lemon slice that does nothing. Coronavirus , on the other hand, is a novel virus (2019-nCoV) that leaves you with pneumonia-like symptoms. You have trouble breathing and may even suffer from fever, cold and cough. No, it did not take its name from the beer. Corona is Latin for 'crown.' The virus gets its name from the crown-like structure it bears, as seen under a microscope. Don't Miss Why Moving Out Of Your Parents' Home Is Absolutely Crucial For Every Adult 595 SHARES 2. Zica hatchback versus Zika virus.
It was in 2016 that Tata Motors announced it's decision to rename its then-not-yet-launched hatchback, Zica. The Zika health crisis had already rocked the boat by that time. Around this time It wasn't until September 2018 that Tiago was finally launched in India. Zica was meant to be short for 'Zippy car,' one reports points out. What it ended up being similar in name to was a mosquito-borne virus that was reportedly causing birth defects in Brazil, having affected close to a million people by 2015. 3. ISIS versus Isis chocolate. ISIS chocolates
First off, Isis was the Egyptian goddess of fertility, motherhood, magic and death. According to Egyptian theology, she took care of women and the sick. Isis chocolate came from a Belgium chocolate company founded in 1923. It was originally named 'Italo Suisse' but later changed its name to Isis in 2013, an unfortunate move considering ISIS (the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant), the terrorist group was born. It grew and spread in Syria and Iraq, and made headlines after the alleged beheadings of US and UK citizens. 4. Ayds diet candy versus AIDS.
The Campana Company Ayds diet candy enjoyed its time in the sun in the 1970s and early 1980s. 'Ayds Reducing Plan vitamin and mineral Candy' later, 'appetite suppressant candy' came in a slew of flavours. But a growing awareness of AIDS by the mid-'80s made people lose any craving for Ayds candy. Even a name change to diet Ayds didn't have the intended effect. The company held on to the illusion that everything was fine. In 1983, Time Magazine reported that retailers were in fact saying ""The disease is not hurting the product... Ayds sales have never been better."" That wasn't the case though. In 1988, AP put out a story confirming the sales of this candy were down by 50 per cent. The product was soon taken off the market. 5. Sars, the Taiwanese soft drink, versus SARS, the acute respiratory syndrome.
In the 1940s, a company called Hey Song Company created a drink called sars that borrowed its name from its main ingredient sarsaparilla (also sarsi). A famous drink in southeast Asian countries, most believe it helps the body cool down and even helps it recover from sore throats, reports a dated AP article. That said, Hey Song's spokeswoman Chou Shiao-ping told AP that consumers did apparently feel uneasy given its name, ""But most people know you won't get SARS simply by drinking Sars."" So, a raised eyebrow (if you're hearing the name for the first time) aside, Sars is doing pretty well for itself. SARS, the fatal respiratory illness meanwhile, is said to have claimed 200 lives in Hong Kong and China leaving close to 4,000 sick. The soft drink came close to getting destroyed by a disease but seems to have emerged a winner. "
Samal seeks ban of Asian tourists into island amid corona virus scare. 	"The local government of the Island Garden City of Samal (Igacos) in Davao del Norte announced that it would temporarily suspend the entry of tourists from China and other Asian countries to prevent the spread of the 2019 novel coronavirus (nCoV) there.
“As a proactive measure to protect our people from exposure to the much-dreaded coronavirus, the local government unit of the Island Garden City of Samal is temporarily suspending entry of group tours of mainland Chinese tourist(s) and other Asian nationals to our city,” a social media post by the city’s public information office read. 
“While we are promoting our city for tourism, the safety of our people is foremost. We are requesting our partners, especially the tour operators and agencies and all other stakeholders to support the local government in this endeavor to ensure the safety of everyone,” the post added.
Samal is a major tourist destination in the Davao region, drawing in at least a million visitors in a year. "
This is the reason Chinese Tourists Return to Their Country during the Corona Virus outbreak. 	"Chinese Consul General in Denpasar Gou Haodong revealed the reasons why 61 of his citizens preferred to return to China under the corona virus. Whereas before, the Indonesian government had also issued a visa extension policy if tourists from China wanted to stay longer in Indonesia, especially Bali.
“They say that China is his hometown, Wuhan is his hometown, so they are very homesick because they have been out for so long,” said Chinese Consul General in Denpasar Gou Haodong, Saturday (8/2). Haodong said, the high desire to go home from 61 Chinese citizens could not be banned because they also had long been in Bali. The report he received, they have 1 to 2 weeks in Bali.
He also explained, after 61 people were flown to China today, Chinese tourists who were still detained in Bali were 3 thousand people. Of course he did not worry at all with the many Chinese tourists who were still in Bali, he was sure that tourists who were still in Bali would not experience financial difficulties.
“Now that the development of digital transactions is very rapid in China, if they are still having difficulties the costs can be directly requested from their families. But if there really is a need, we have also provided a hotline for all Chinese citizens who are abroad, so our 24 hours active, “he explained.
In the future, according to Haodong, if there is still a need or desire from tourists from China who still want to go home, he will consider and then return to take care of the pickup permit. “So out of these 3 thousand Chinese tourists, they come from various provinces that are from China, so now there are flight delays, but if in the future there is still a need, we will consider again for pick-up,” he explained.
On that occasion, he also expressed his enormous gratitude to the Balinese people for being very friendly to tourists from China amid the corona virus contents that keep on blowing. “I had a chance to talk to Chinese tourists and they said that they really liked Bali, so they said they were going to Bali again, “he said. "
The case fatality rate of corona virus so far has been the lowest. 	"Do not panic, time to fight out The case fatality rate of corona virus so far has been the lowest
Dr KK Aggarwal President CMAAO, HCFI and Past National President IMA
Comparison with deadly viruses
Wuhan 2019 m CoV MERS SARS Common cold caused by coronavirus Detected Dec 2019 2012, Southey Arabia 2002 in southern China. Winter each year Origin Bats, Snakes Bats, Camel Bats, civets
Cases 14 countries All cases linked to Arabian Peninsula, with 80% in Saudi Arabia. Others in about two dozen countries, including U.S. Cases and deaths have been declining since 2016. No new cases reported since 2004. 87% of previous cases in China and Hong Kong. Four coronavirus strains are thought to be responsible for 15-30% of common colds. India None None None
Human to human Close contact Close contact Close contacts Close contact
2,494 confirmed cases; 858 deaths (as of Nov. 30, 2019). 8,098 cases; 774 deaths Millions each year Mortality 3% 34% 10% Generally nonlethal with rare exceptions.
Case fatality rate
1. 2019 corona 3% 2. MERS 35% 3. SARS 10% 4. Diphtheria 5-10% 5. Polio: 2-5% children, 15-30% adults 6. Swine flu < 0.15 7. Whooping cough 4% infants < 1yr, 1% children < 4 years 8. Ebola 50% 9. Small-Pox 30-40% 10. Measles 10-15% developing countries"
LaTribuna Christian Publishing Reports On How Individuals And Loved Ones Can Seek Protection From The Corona-Virus. 	"Chaplain Paul Vescio has served as a Community Chaplain in healthcare for over ten years now and has written an e-book titled How To Protect Our Families in American Health Care.
Chaplain Paul Vescio CEO of LaTribuna Christian Publishing is Quote: d saying, “The flu and the Corona-Virus is yet another wake up call in a long string of very harmful viruses. The question is, how to better protect our selves and our loved ones from possible infection? The answer or I should say part of the solution is in washing hands often, The CDC recommends washing hands often in order to reduce the risk of infection. Think about how many things we touch in a single day. The gas pump and the credit card machines, the elevator buttons, all of the buttons at the self checkout at the grocery store. The grocery cart, door handles, faucets, our cell phones, computer keys, handles, money, we touch and handle things in the store all the time. The list goes on and on and we don't even think about the fact that infection is easily spread this way.”
Chaplain Paul was also Quote: d saying, “If you or someone in your family is dealing with the flu then it wouldn't hurt to have that person were a surgical mask and gloves. This helps to reduce the spread of infection in hospitals. If you or someone in your family works in a nursing home or hospital setting then have them remove their shoes when they return home. Use bleach wipes to disinfect shoes. Wipe down all can goods, bottles, and containers before bringing them into your home.”
Chaplain Paul was also Quote: d saying, “Wash your hands, wash your hands, wash your hands often, as a Community Chaplain I see all often how easy infection spreads in a hospital setting. Remember try not to cough or sneeze into your hands, stay home if you are sick. Do not visit anyone in a hospital or nursing home setting if you are sick or even have a cold. Above all pray for God's guidance, protection and love in these matters and remember what Proverbs 3:5-6 teaches, Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding in all your ways acknowledge Him and He shall direct your paths... Amen .”
LaTribuna Christian Publishing supports educating the public on how the infection spreads and how we as a nation can best prevent the spreading of infection.
For more information about LaTribuna Christian Publishing please visit our websites at www.latribunachristianpublishing316.com and www.miraclesofkingman.com"
Prevention and treatment for Corona virus by Propriety Ayurvedic Products first time in the world”. 	"Currently CORONOVIRUS is the PANDEMIC which if not stopped would destroy almost 10% of the total world population. CORONAVIRUS commonly known as 2019-nCov is a deadly virus infecting humans with often fatal outcome.
People Republic of China officially declared to the world about the viral outbreak on December 31, 2019. Till date more than 10,000 people are affected and the mortality is in handreds and it still increasing as we discuss about this As of today February 2020 – it is a worldwide emergency spreading its tentacles to almost 16 countries.
In India, there are Three confirmed cases in Kerala and people arriving from China are quarantined near Armed Forces Medical Facility in near Manesar.
Coronavirus is a member of family of virus in which MERS and SARS are also present Currently there is no cure or vaccine for this infection.
Affected persons are asymptomatic initially and the incubation period of the virus is said to be between 7 to 14 days. Symptoms start as common cold and lead to respiratory distress. In more severe cases, infection can cause pneumonia, severe acute respiratory syndrome, kidney failure and even death.
Indian government’s Ayurvedic wing – Ayush has issued in public interest measures which can be adopted to safeguard by increasing immunity of individuals.
Linking principles in Ayurveda and evidence based medicine, we from NANOLIFE are proposing the antiviral kit."
Outrage at Bar Offering Corona Beer Deals During Coronavirus Outbreak Caused by 'Snowflakes,' Says Owner. 	"A bar in New Zealand has dismissed accusations on social media that it was being flippant about the deadly coronavirus outbreak, by offering a promotion on Corona beers ""while the pandemic lasts.""
The death toll in China from the disease has risen to 132 and the number of confirmed infections has gone up to 5,700. There have been five cases in the U.S. and others confirmed in over a dozen other countries, according to USA Today.
For some Facebook users, the tone of the advertisement by The House on Hood bar in the North Island city of Hamilton, about 70 miles south of Auckland, jarred with the seriousness of the disease, which has put a number of cities in China into lockdown. Corona beers are lined up in Mexico City in this illustrative image. A bar in New Zealand has faced criticism for a promotion of the beer during the coronavirus epidemic. RODRIGO ARANGUA/Getty Images
The advertisement on its Facebook page shows two men in medical suits and masks holding up bottles of the renowned Mexican beer, with the slogan, ""Catch some Corona at House this summer, just [6.50 New Zealand dollars ($4.20)] every day while the pandemic lasts.""
On its Facebook page, it added the message: ""Virus or no virus, we still think Coronas are pretty great...Mention your Corona-loving mates to let them know about this great deal and you could be sharing a free one-metre pizza this Friday at House.""
The advertisement has got considerable traction in New Zealand, which has not yet been hit by the virus, with over 500 people posting messages of discontent underneath the ad as of Wednesday.
Greg Bowden wrote: ""Living in Asia, many of my clients are Chinese and I can assure you it's nothing to joke about. Sure, I get it. It's a small and harmless play on words to almost everyone who reads it in NZ because you are so far removed from the situation, for now. A screengrab shows the Facebook page of the House and Hood bar in Hamilton, New Zealand. Social media users have criticized the advertisement for making light of the coronavirus. Facebook, House on Hood
""What if some foreign bar started ""jokingly"" making fun of the Christchurch shooting . How would you feel about that?"" he added.
Maddie Oosterbroek wrote: ""While NZ might not be directly affected at present, these people are literally suffering and it's honestly shameful to use their deaths as a marketing strategy. It's not funny at all.""
Another wrote: ""Didn't like at all. Worst advertisement ever...you guys are making fun of it..shameful marketing."" Eerie Footage Shows How Coronavirus Has Left Wuhan Streets Deserted Read more
There was also some praise though, with one person labelling it the ""best marketing ever"" and another saying, ""Love it! Pure genius.""
Newsweek has contacted for comment both the House on Hood bar and the drinks company Lion, which is the New Zealand distributor of Corona.
Meanwhile, John Lawrenson, CEO of the Lawrenson Group which owns the bar, defended the advertisement.
In a statement to the New Zealand Herald , he said: ""The great thing about living in today's society is that there is a small but loud minority of people who get offended by everything and I can always rely on them to get triggered.
""So I'd just like to say thanks to all the snowflakes for the free advertising and thanks to everyone else with a sense of humour who liked the post."""
New Virus Spreading All Over China Known As Corona Virus In Wuhan, China. 	There is this new virus spreading all over China known as Corona Virus in Wuhan, China.Nine people have died, over 440 infected because of the Virus.- Originated in the central Chinese city of Wuhan- Cases detected in South Korea, Thailand, Japan and the US- A respiratory illness that can spread through human contact- Emerged from animalsOne patient is believed to have infected as many as 14 medical staff in one hospital in Wuhan China, suggesting the disease can be spread far more easily than previously thought.Nigerians travel a lot to Wuhan for different reasons ranging from business to personal reasons.So we need to be at alert and worried.
The Single Best Strategy To Use For corona virus meme. 	SpaceBillionaires could 'leave Earth guiding for space colony' as 'local weather collapses'There is developing speculation the the pattern for billionaires like Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos to exploration Area travel is more than just 'boys and their toys' – it could be a lifeboat to escape a dying EarthResearchers have shared dozens of genetic sequences from strains of the new coronavirus, and a gradual supply of those sequences will reveal genetic variations since the outbreak progresses, states MacKay.“We don’t know what type of hurt this virus could do if it unfold in a rustic that has a weaker health and fitness system,” Tedros mentioned.These heightened steps turned clearer Friday: Royal Caribbean claimed its whole fleet would prohibit any friends Keeping a Chinese, Hong Kong or Macau passport from boarding until eventually further more see, regardless of if they were very last within the state.The CDC issued its strongest travel warning, urging Americans to terminate all non-crucial outings to China. World-wide banking giants Credit history Suisse and Goldman Sachs instructed staff members on Tuesday morning they should keep household for at least fourteen days when they have already been for the region not too long ago.China has had preceding practical experience addressing public health and fitness outbreaks, including the H1N1 swine flu in 2009-2010 and SARS in 2003. Regardless of this experience, general public coronavirus health issues, in addition to natural and environmental disasters, pose a major check into the Chinese Communist Occasion equipment. How adaptable, responsive, and nimble will the bureaucracy be when faced with these kinds of unpredicted challenges?Phillip SchofieldPhillip Schofield's sexuality mystery sparked weight loss - 'I'm skinnier than in Joseph'Phillip Schofield opened up about getting rid of bodyweight check here because of the strain of maintaining his sexuality a mystery and stated he's here now skinnier than when he was in Joseph plus the Wonderful Technicolor Dreamcoat'The Federal Reserve Board claimed which the coronavirus outbreak offered a “new threat” into the financial outlook to the U.S.Reviewing the most major and visible developments the PLA and Chinese military market have experienced inside the 2010s.Tedros on Thursday reported additional significant than the PHEIC declaration had been the tips within the emergency committee, which integrated speeding the development of vaccines and therapeutics, combating misinformation, and supporting nations with weaker wellness systems.In California, a husband and wife diagnosed with coronavirus outbreak coronavirus in San Benito County have experienced “worsening symptoms” and were being admitted into a healthcare facility outdoors the county “Geared up for the next level of care,” county officers explained.It was get more info exposed on Tuesday that an American person contaminated with the deadly virus – which Chinese officers have warned will mutate and develop into deadlier – arrived into close contact with a minimum of sixteen individuals ahead of he was put in isolation.Dancing On IceJames Jordan heartbreak with Expecting wife Ola which 'Slash him similar to a knife'James Jordan has opened up concerning the struggles he confronted with his spouse Ola Jordan just weeks before she is due to give delivery to their initially little oneIt’s The most dramatic illustrations up to now of the effects in the virus on worldwide makes, with the luxury-goods marketplace especially exposed. Cosmetics corporations L’Oreal SA and Estee Lauder Cos. mentioned Thursday they expect short term setbacks in China.
Corona blues for agrochemical players, input lines may choke. 	Ruchi Agrawal | Anubhav Sahu Highlights - The viral outbreak is seen to impact trade and travel - Production and supply of many chemicals expected to take a hit - Product scarcity and price uptick to impact import-dependent companies - A few local chemical producers to benefit from price uptick and demand shift - Sharp volatility in stocks expected if situation aggravates The outbreak of the deadly Coronavirus poses a risk to not just human beings, but also business houses and economies. The implications are varied -- both geographically and sectorally. While many are comparing the outbreak to the SARS epidemic in 2003, the potential impact of a large-scale attack is still being assessed. The current situation So far, 170 deaths have been reported, with nearly 4,600 confirmed cases of infected individuals. China has imposed travel ban and taken quarantine measures that could impact local and global trade dynamics. The virus is spreading rapidly and the painful impact is expected to intensify. Many major cities in China have been locked down to check the spread. This is leading to a shutdown of several businesses and production units. The likely consequences of the flu are already being priced in by markets globally. Chinese equities have fallen by 5-6 percent from their January 20 highs. Oil has slumped by more than 10 percent in the past few days whereas gold is at its 6-year high. The impact China, the origin of the virus, is a major producer of many chemicals that find their application in agrochemicals, formulation chemicals, pharma, consumer durables, automobiles and the like. India's agrochemical industry is heavily linked to and dependent on the Chinese imports for its raw material requirements. The Hubei province, which is at the centre of the current epidemic, is a key manufacturing hub for chemicals. The nearby hubs of chemical manufacturing – Anhui, Jiangxi, Jiangsu and Zhejiang – are also major centres for herbicides, specialty chemicals, dyes, resins and agro intermediates. With the lockdown of several cities and the mounting threat of closure of production units, there are rising concerns of interruption in supply of these chemicals. And if that happens, it may create a scarcity of many such chemicals and drive up their prices. While many production units are now closed because of the Chinese New Year, the actual impact will be clear once the holiday season is over. Officially, the Chinese holiday is extended to February 2 nationally and February 9 for Shanghai. Our view is any interruption in raw material supply could affect production costs and the process itself for Indian agrochemical players. Our interactions with the companies suggest that the existing raw material inventory would help them scrape through for nearly the next two months. However, if the impact persists or aggravates, there could be acute input scarcity, leading to a surge in costs or even halt in production. In either of the cases, the consequences will not be healthy and could spill over to their overall performance in coming quarters. In the recent past, the margins of many agrochemical companies came under severe strain due to supply disruptions from China. In 2018, stricter environment laws in China forced many production units to wind up. India faced the ripple effect. The margins saw a sharp contraction in the following quarters before the authorities could get a grip on the situation with alternative sourcing. While importers from China are likely to be adversely impacted, it might come as an opportunity for a few which are into manufacturing of technical grade chemicals as the demand of their product may rise. So, any uptick in prices would benefit these producers. Plus, any shift in sourcing of specialty chemicals by developed markets from China to India would be another positive. Our take We believe that the current epidemic calls for caution. In the current scenario, intensive quarantines and travel bans will hit the Chinese economy hard. While the country is much better equipped to handle the crisis, the lockdowns will ripple through trade and travel. The potential impact of these aggressive steps is likely to play out in many sectors, especially the commodity-linked ones like agrochemicals. This could spell more uncertain times for agrochemical and specialty chemical producers. The second-level impact would be more widespread across sectors and macro indicators. 
Novel Coronavirus: All Questions Answered Related To The Outbreak Of 2019-nCoV. 	"Coronavirus is a common term for a group of viruses usually found in animals but causes severe disorders in humans when gets transmitted. The transfer of viruses from animals to humans is called zoonosis and coronavirus is one among them. Many coronaviruses reside in animals and cause them no harm, however, sometimes they get mutated into deadly strains. When these deadly mutated forms of coronavirus come in contact with humans, they affect them with mild to severe symptoms that range from the common cold to severe respiratory tract disorder and pneumonia.
You may have several questions regarding the novel coronavirus. Here is the list of all the questions and answers related to the outbreak of the Chinese virus. 1. What is a Novel Coronavirus?
The term 'Novel Coronavirus' or new coronavirus is given to an undetectable strain of coronavirus which was found recently in Wuhan (China). As this virus has not been identified yet, it was named as COVID-19. 2. What is SARS-CoV?
The term SARS-CoV means Severe Acute respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus. It is referred to as a deadly and contagious disease that has caused an epidemic in 2002 in China and worldwide. The coronavirus responsible for SARS is known to have spread from bats and civets. 3. How similar is COVID-19 to SARS-CoV?
COVID-19 is not the same virus responsible for the spread SARS-CoV in 2002. However, it belongs to the same family of viruses as SARS. 4. How dangerous is novel coronavirus?
Novel coronavirus can cause mild to severe symptoms in people who are infected with the virus. Mild symptoms of coronavirus are usually flu-like, which include runny nose, cough, sore throat and fever. When the symptoms become severe, it may lead to breathing difficulties, pneumonia or death of a person. 5. Who is more prone to coronavirus infection?
People with a compromised immune system or pre-existing medical conditions like diabetes or respiratory disorders are more prone to getting affected by the deadly coronavirus. 6. Is it true that the COVID-19 got transmitted to humans from an animal source?
The past report says that SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV were transmitted to humans from an animals source. SARS-CoV became epidemic in 2002 and was transmitted from bats and civet cats to humans. On the other hand, MERS-CoV was transmitted to humans from Arabian camels.
As for COVID-19, researchers believe that the virus has spread most likely from the seafood animal market in China after diagnosing the first case of human coronavirus. However, it does not mean that you can get infected by a coronavirus from your pet or any animal. As the previous cases of coronavirus were from an animal source and COVID-19 is also believed to have spread from an animal, it is advised to prevent any direct contact with live animals in the seafood market or surfaces in contact with those animals until the exact animal source is identified.
It is also advised to prevent the consumption of raw or undercooked animal products and to handle their organs, meat and milk with care to prevent cross-contamination of these raw items to other foods. 7. Is the novel coronavirus contagious?
Yes, the novel coronavirus is contagious from person to person. The reason is that the virus mainly affects the respiratory system of a person and first cause common cold symptoms like sneezing and coughing. When a person sneezes or coughs without any mask, the infected respiratory droplets come out and spread to people who are in close contact with this person or touches infected objects. The infected respiratory droplets can be a nose discharge, sneeze, cough or saliva. 8. Can I get COVID-19 from my pets?
According to researchers, until now there is no evidence that the coronavirus might have transmitted from pets like cats and dogs, or such animals have been infected with the COVID-19. 9. Who are at major risk of coronavirus infection?
People who are living or travelling to China since the outbreak is at higher risk of getting the infection. Apart from this, people who are in close contact with travellers from China like their family members or colleagues and medical professionals who are taking care of the coronavirus infected person are vulnerable to coronavirus infection. 10. Can wearing a mask protect us from coronavirus?
Wearing a mask is suggested by WHO to limit the spread of the disease. Though it is effective to some limit, it does not guarantee to completely prevent the spread until other preventive measures are taken. However, wearing a mask will prevent you from coughing or sneezing in the open and also prevent you from the infected fluids of others from entering your nose or mouth. 11. What happens if a coronavirus infected person sneezes or coughs without any mask?
When an infected person sneezes or coughs without a mask, the infected respiratory droplets come out and sit on objects or surfaces. When a second person touches those surfaces unknowingly and then touches their mouth or nose, the virus finds a way to the respiratory system of that person and infect them. Next time when the second person sneezes without a mask, the virus comes out and infect a third person. In this way, it gets transmitted from person to person. 12. How long can the virus survive on surfaces?
The exact time of the survival of coronavirus on surfaces is still unknown. However, some information suggests that they may survive for a few hours on surfaces. Cleaning the infected surfaces with a simple disinfectant may kill all the viruses and can no longer infect any person. 13. How to identify the difference between flu and COVID-19 symptoms?
The symptoms of both flu and COVID-19 include runny nose, fever, cough and sneezing which makes diagnosing very difficult between the two. However, certain lab tests help identify the presence of coronavirus in the body and confirm the case. 14. What is the incubation period of coronavirus?
Incubation period refers to the time between getting infected by a virus and the appearance of the symptoms. The incubation period of COVID-19 is 14 days as per the medical experts. An infected person can also transmit the infection before the appearance of the symptoms. However, the majority of the virus is spread after the development of the symptoms. 15. Can I get infected if I receive a package from China or other infected countries?
No, receiving a package from the infected countries is unlikely to get you infected. The virus can't survive on objects or surfaces for a long time. 16. Why antibiotics are not suggested to treat the symptoms of coronavirus?
Antibiotics are antibacterial drugs which are used mainly to treat an infection caused due to bacteria, not viruses. As coronavirus infection is caused by viruses, antibiotic drugs are not suggested to treat the symptoms. 17. What type of medicines can treat or prevent COVID-19?
Until now, no such medicines have been developed to completely treat the infection caused due to novel coronavirus. However, there are certain medicines which are used to treat its symptoms. The best way to prevent COVID-19 is by maintaining personal hygiene.
According to a recent report, a patient in Thailand infected by novel coronavirus was recovered within 48 hours after receiving a cocktail of two approved anti-HIV drugs (lopinavir and ritonavir) along with a flu drug named oseltamivir. 18. When is lab testing for COVID-19 carried out?
If a person experiences flu-like symptoms and has been living in the infected area, had close contact with people visiting from the infected countries or has been among people involved in taking care of infected ones are advised to get tested for COVID-19. 19. What are the preventive measures for coronavirus?
Maintaining personal hygiene is a must to prevent coronavirus spread. Such preventive measures are as follows: Wash hands with alcoholic soaps and water. Avoid direct contact with sick people Stay at home if you are diagnosed with COVID-19. Avoid the spread of viruses by avoiding close contacts with your family members or other humans. Also, cover the mouth every time before coughing or sneezing. Avoid touching mouth, eyes or nose with dirty hands. Use disinfectants to clean the area around you. 20. What happens to patients after they are detected with COVID-19?
Patients who are detected with COVID-19 are kept in the isolation ward in hospitals and the healthcare workers who are involved in taking care of those patients are advised to wear protective gears like mask and gloves while treating those patients. 21. Can a person get coronavirus if they have flu symptoms but not visited any affected countries or came in contact with infected ones?
The answer is no. People who are suffering from flu but have not visited any infected country or place or came in contact with an infected person are less likely to get infected by the novel coronavirus. According to reports, several travellers travelled from China to their countries had flu-like symptoms. However, when their lab tests were carried out, the results were negative."
Cure for corona virus disease. 	"According to an old source, ribavirin and interferon alpha-2b have been found as potential treatment for a strain of corona virus.
An article in webmd told us: (1)
""A treatment for a new coronavirus that has caused 11 deaths, mostly in the Middle East, shows promise in early tests, U.S. government researchers report.
The investigators discovered that a combination of two antiviral drugs -- ribavirin and interferon-alpha 2b -- can stop the so-called nCoV coronavirus from multiplying in laboratory-grown cells. While the results suggest that this drug combination could be used to treat patients infected with nCoV, more research is needed to confirm these early findings. Both drugs are approved in the United States for treating people with hepatitis C.
The nCoV coronavirus was first identified in Saudi Arabia in September 2012. As of April 16, 2013, there had been 17 reported cases, including 11 deaths. Most cases have occurred in the Middle East.""
But such a finding was only in early investigation phase.
We don't know yet what is the latest update of such a new potential treatment.
Nonetheless, a fast response to nCoV epidemics spreading by medical institutions is urgently in need."
Two states ease lockdowns, US COVID-19 toll passes 50,000. 	"Even as the confirmed US death toll from coronavirus rose past 50,000, salons, spas and barbershops reopened Friday in Georgia and Oklahoma with a green light from their Republican governors, who eased lockdown orders despite health experts’ warnings.
Though limited in scope, and subject to social-distancing restrictions, the reopening marked a symbolic milestone in the debate raging in the United States – and the world -- as to how quickly political leaders should lift economically damaging lockdown orders.
Similar scenarios have been playing worldwide and will soon proliferate in the US as other governors wrestle with conflicting priorities.
Their economies have been battered by weeks of quarantine-fuelled job losses and soaring unemployment claims, yet health officials warn that lifting stay-at-home orders now could spark a resurgence of COVID-19.
The coronavirus has killed more than 190,000 people worldwide, including — as of Friday — more than 50,000 in the United States, according to a tally compiled by John Hopkins University from government figures. The actual death toll is believed to be far higher.
New cases are surging in Africa and Latin America as outbreaks subside in some places that were hit earlier.
In Oklahoma, Governor Kevin Stitt authorised personal-care businesses to open, citing a decline in the number of people being hospitalised for COVID-19.
Those businesses were directed to maintain social distancing, require masks and frequently sanitise equipment.
Still, some of the state’s largest cities, including Norman, Oklahoma City and Tulsa, were opting to keep their bans in place until at least the end of April.
Amy Pembrook and her husband, Mike, reopened their hair salon in the northwest Oklahoma town of Fairview after it had been shuttered for about a month.
“We’re super excited about going back, but we have caught a little flack from people who say it’s too early,” Amy Pembrook said.
“We just said we can live in fear for a long time or we can trust that everything is going to be OK.”
With deaths and infections still rising in Georgia, many business owners planned to stay closed despite Governor Brian Kemp’s assurance that hospital visits and new cases have levelled off enough for barbers, tattoo artists, massage therapists and personal trainers to return to work with restrictions.
Follow The Gleaner on Twitter and Instagram @JamaicaGleaner and on Facebook @GleanerJamaica. Send us a message on WhatsApp at 1-876-499-0169 or email us at or . "
THE CORONA VIRUS CHALLENGE, NIGERIA AND OTHER RESPONSES. 	"The biggest threat to our collective humanity today is not the suspected threat of a Third World War, but a corrosive, debilitating, murderous pathogen known as new Corona Virus. The fear of a World War III was fuelled by tensions and differences among key super powers dictating contemporary geo-politics notably: the US, China, Iran, Iraq, Israel, North Korea, South Korea and the entire Middle East. But while relationships with the world’s power axis will always have implications for global peace, security and stability, the biggest and the most urgent threat by far is the outbreak of a new strain of the Corona Virus, in Wuhan, China which has within a short space of one month shown the vulnerability of man, the conflict between man and biology, and the limitations of science in the face of an immediate, accidental, unforeseeable, pathogenic onslaught.
The first case of Corona Virus was reported just before the Chinese Lunar New Year 2020 celebrations, and since then, the new virus has defied both man and science. On January 28, the highest number of reported cases was reported, but by Monday, February 10, that had jumped exponentially to 97 casualties per day and total cases in excess of 40, 000, with 908 persons reported dead. The statistics and the sero-prevalence rate seem unprecedented, far worse than the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome of 2003 which claimed 774 lives. The World Health Organization has classified the new Corona Virus as a public health emergency of international concern, a delicate, diplomatic phrasing which barely stops short of declaring the nCoV-2019, as it is otherwise known, a global pandemic – considering the fact that mainland China, especially Wuhan, a city of 11 million people and the Hubei province in general, remain the epicenter – 99% of reported cases are in mainland China and out of the total number of deaths, only two have occurred outside China.
The Director General of the World Health Organization (WHO) has commended China for its efforts at prevention and containment, even if the Politburo, the highest political body in China has had to express regrets for “failing” the people. The truth is: China is overwhelmed. Businesses have been affected, the stock market is down, lives are threatened, over 40 million people are in quarantine. China is engaging the world as the epicenter of a crisis, the global economy is likely to be affected given China’s strategic importance, and yet nobody knows when the Corona virus will ease off, or when scientists will find a cure. It is not only China that is at risk, it is the entire world. Our civilization is under threat and of course, the tragedy is man-made. These are the cold, uncomfortable facts as at the time of this writing. The Corona Virus has brought the entire world to the precipice of uncertainty and disaster. It reminds us collectively of our mortality and the common humanity and vulnerability that we share.
Globalization turned the world into a small village, technology erased distances, but in the face of a global scourge like new Corona Virus, the world has turned into a much smaller village. Most of the people and countries that are taking precautions against Corona Virus don’t even know where Wuhan is on the map. Some people ate snake meat or is it Pangolin or bat meat in Wuhan and they got infected with a virus – animal to man transmission, which has now spread to over 27 countries and mutated as a deadly human-to-human communicable disease. China which is ordinarily regarded as a major superpower has suddenly become a pariah nation. Countries have issued travel alerts to their citizens: do not go to China, and those who are in China are being evacuated and whoever arrives from China is immediately quarantined for two weeks.
This is the same China that only recently engaged the United States in a trade war. The same China is now the diseased nation that nobody wants to touch. Imports from China have been suspended. Trips to China have been put on hold. China’s tourism industry is bound to suffer. Who wants to go to a country where a virus is on rampage, and the air is polluted? It is not for nothing that the media in Europe has dubbed the Corona Virus, the China Virus – an average Chinese citizen would not like that – but the truth is that the new Corona Virus wears the toga of a nationality. Before it, there was the Swine flu (2009), Polio (2014), Zika (2016), Ebola (2014, 2019) but it is the new Corona Virus that has obtained a national passport and an identification tag of notorious universal recognition. This may have translated into racist conclusions about Chinese identity and cuisine. I have heard allegations that the Chinese eat anything and everything, including animals that are considered a taboo in many cultures – Bats? Cockroaches? Rats? Snakes? Millipedes and centipedes? Monkeys? Pangolin? E-eeish! It is said that the Chinese have brought this latest biological dissonance upon humanity because of their unusual culinary taste. I know people who have simply opted to stay away from anything Chinese in the meantime, until there is some certainty about what exactly is going on. I wanted to order food from a Chinese Restaurant the other day. I was quietly reminded of Corona Virus. I had no option but to restrain my palate. I wanted Chinese balm, a popular product in Nigeria, a few days later. I was also advised to be careful. I ignored that advice. The labelling of everything Chinese as an item crowned by a virus is exaggerated and overblown. But as Nigerians would say in pidgin English: who wan die?
This is probably why every country and institution is taking precautions. The United Kingdom, Australia, South Korea, Singapore and New Zealand have had cause to evacuate their citizens from China. Airlines including FinnAir, American Airlines, United, Cathay Pacific, Air India, Ethiopian Airlines, British Airways, Air Asia, and Lufthansa have either stopped flights to China or reduced their Chinese operations by 90%. The effect is that supply chains have been disrupted with consequences for trade performance. The global economy is bound to slow down in the long run if this situation persists. But what is perhaps more relevant to us should be this: How prepared is Africa and particularly Nigeria? I don’t think Africa is prepared at all, and we are likely to be worst hit should the virus make an effective landing in our continent.
For now across Africa, we have only heard of suspected cases: in Ghana where there were two suspected cases involving a Chinese and an Argentine who returned from China, but the result was negative in both cases. Suspected cases in Ethiopia, Ivory Coast, Kenya and Botswana have also proven negative. The only reported case of infection involving an African is that of a Cameroonian student living in Wuhan. Kenya has taken steps to evacuate its students in China. Mozambique has suspended its visa on arrival policy. Africa and South America seem insulated from the scourge so far. But for how much longer? The Chinese Lunar New Year Holiday was extended, in the face of the outbreak of the virus, but that holiday ended yesterday, Monday, February 10. Using that as guide, if there was any Chinese living in Africa or doing business in Africa, he or she is likely to return to base after the holiday. In the last decade or more, Sino-African relationship has grown tremendously, China seeking to fill a vacuum inadvertently created by the EU and the United States, has increased its scope of influence in Africa through friendly loans, investments and cultural outreach. It is not an accident that African leaders at the just concluded 33rd AU Heads of State Summit in Addis Ababa expressed solidarity with China! The Chinese presence in Africa is unmistakable and it is quite pronounced in a country like Nigeria where the Chinese are involved in significant sectors of the economy including oil and gas, telecommunications, manufacturing, infrastructure, SMEs and retail trade. This week, all the Chinese who went home on holiday will start returning one after the other.
When the story of the Corona Virus broke, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) was most unusually proactive, which I think is commendable. The Federal Ministry of Health quickly followed suit, to educate Nigerians about the threat of the Corona Virus. Preventive guidelines were announced, and a travel advisory was issued. This is indeed commendable, even if the efforts were not translated into local, indigenous languages, that is – the languages of the majority of Nigerians. The campaign has thus far been so elitist and restricted. In due course, the Nigerian authorities further announced that the Federal Government had established eight isolation centres as follows: in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) and seven states of the Federation – Lagos, Akwa Ibom, Rivers, Enugu, Delta, Cross River and Kano. The problem is that nobody knows exactly where these isolation centres are located.
The relevant authorities tell us that in preparing for the Corona Virus which has not yet been reported in Nigeria, they are relying on the protocols and infrastructure already put in place in 2014 to combat the Ebola Virus. In 2014, Nigeria was confronted with the Ebola Virus crisis, introduced to the country by a traveler from Liberia who came to Nigeria to seek spiritual cure for Ebola. Knowledge and experience can definitely prove useful in everything including a biological and pharmaceutical crisis such as Corona Virus. But has Nigeria done enough or is Nigeria prepared? I don’t think so. There is definitely no evidence that we have enough medical counter-measures to protect the medical and public health personnel who are supposed to man our ports. A gentleman who just returned from Chicago reported on live television and I have no cause to doubt him, that the situation at the Murtala Muhammad International Airport in Lagos, to cite a specific example, is chaotic and below standard practice. Government officials pretend to check for high temperature and other symptoms but they are not protected. Nigeria has not made any provision for medical counter measures. Nigeria is sending medical personnel and Ministry officials to the ports to put them at risk. Until we have another case of Stella Adadevoh, like Li Weliang, the Chinese whistleblower who paid the supreme price for Corona Virus, the Nigerian government is not likely to wake up. That is unacceptable.
The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control and the Federal Ministry of Health and state governments have to do a lot more. I will comment on the latter. As at this moment, only three states – Lagos, Ebonyi and Ogun out of the 36 states of the Federation would seem to have shown interest in the Corona Virus prevention campaign. We expect every state of the Federation, close as they are to the grassroots, to take up the campaign and inform the populace appropriately. At the national level, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control and the Federal Ministry of Health will also need to address what has become around the subject of Corona Virus, an “infodemic crisis” – that is the crisis of conspiracy theories and misinformation and hazardous false information. Is the Corona Virus a biological weapon?. Really? Is it a strategy by big pharmaceutical companies to enlarge market and increase profit? President Donald Trump and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation have also been linked to the conspiracy. Does that make sense? We have also been told that eating garlic or drinking a bleach concoction can help prevent a Corona Virus infection. Is that true? The Nigerian agencies are yet to respond to this. They should. They should take the additional step of addressing the spiritual question which determines everything in Nigeria from politics to business. Is Corona Virus a spiritual affliction or biology gone awry? If care is not taken, Nigerian shamanists, prophets, traditionalists and pastors will soon take advantage of the uncertainty to claim that they had predicted the occurrence of the virus and that, indeed they have the solution. Government should immediately arrest anyone who mouths such idiocy. Our only hope is that the Corona Virus will never make its way here, but as the Boys Scouts motto states, we should “Be Prepared”. The bad news is that there is no effective treatment for the virus. And a worse virus may soon show up, leaving humanity effectively at the mercy of disease and the environment.
II: Asisat Oshoala, the Super Star When Asisat Oshoala, the Super Falcons and Barcelona Ferminino striker was declared winner of the African Women’s Footballer of the Year, 2019, a few weeks ago, the big concern was that her own compatriots who sat on the Confederation of Africa Football judges panel refused to vote for her. Every single one of them voted for an outsider. They didn’t consider their own compatriot good enough. I have addressed this matter at length in a piece titled “The Betrayal of Asisat Oshoala,” (This Day, back page, January 14).
At the time, Ms. Oshoala lost her cool momentarily and tried to engage her critics which was absolutely unnecessary. But the best response that she has offered, and the one that is relevant, is how, after returning to her club in Europe, she has been putting up such sterling performance that further confirms her status as a super star on the pitch.
In January, she won the Africa Football Women’s Player of the year to equal the record of fellow Nigerian Perpetua Nkwocha. With her current performance, Oshoala does not want to just equal existing record, she wants to break the record in African Women’s Football. After winning the CAF award in January she reportedly said: “…I want to create my own history and not just equal someone else’s record – I’m going to give my best to create mine.” She is doing just that right now. Five-time winner of the Women’s Africa Cup of Nations, best player at the 2014 FIFA U-20 Women’s World Cup, winner of the BBC Footballer of the Year, 2015, Chinese Women’s Super League Top Scorer, 2017, she scored a brace in Barcelona’s 10–1 trouncing and humiliation of Real Sociedad in the Spanish Women’s League Super Cup Final on February 9, 2020. Loaned to Barcelona from China in January 2019, and later offered a permanent transfer, Asisat Oshoala has been a formidable and result-oriented member of the Barca line up and one of its most valuable players.
On January 11, 2020, four days after the CAF awards, Oshoala scored four goals in a 6-0 win against CD Tacon. She has been consistent since then. Whoever has any doubt about her achievements and quality may end up voting for her someday soon. Congratulations Asisat. Keep shooting. Keep shining.
"
Examine This Report on corona virus wuhan. 	" When they have been comparatively Risk-free sheltering at your house, Arek felt compelled to head out and doc the outbreak of The brand new form of coronavirus. Between his topics: the construction of a fresh medical center built in a handful of times; biosecurity Verify details; and vacant streets. Arek Rataj, APThey're the first federal quarantine orders issued in 50 decades, the last coming during the sixties for smallpox evaluations, CDC officials reported.Two Adult men broke into a Flushing cafe via a basement wall and stole dollars and electronics very last week, according to police.Chinese kids don protecting masks as they hold out to board trains at Beijing Railway station prior to the yearly Spring Competition on Jan. 21, 2020 in Beijing, China. The amount of cases of a lethal new coronavirus rose to just about 300 in mainland China Tuesday as wellbeing officials stepped up endeavours to consist of the distribute in the pneumonia-like sickness which medicals authorities verified is usually passed from human to human.Those who would not have symptoms might be quarantined close by for up to fourteen times. American vacationers from other elements of China can also be subject matter to quarantine based upon a possibility evaluation.The Chicago girl is currently on the hospital in which her situation is stabilized. She’ll remain there until eventually she's tested as fully cleared of your virus.The snow had made its way out get more info from the Chicago region as night fell on Sunday, forsaking rain as temperatures warmed.A worker walks among the beds within a convention Heart that's been transformed into A brief clinic in Wuhan in central China's Hubei Province. Well being officers hope to prevent stigma and mistake in naming the virus creating a world outbreak of respiratory ailments.Siddle household now in quarantine after final-minute permission to go away and four-hour sprint across Hubei provinceNevertheless, in response on the virus's spread in other countries, the UK's chief health care officer revised the risk towards the inhabitants in the united kingdom from ""really lower"" to ""small"", with Hancock saying that though there was an elevated probability that cases of coronavirus may come up, ""we are very well-geared up and nicely-equipped to deal with them"".""There won't be any ensures of achievements, but we hope this work could offer a significant and significant stage ahead in developing a vaccine for this sickness.""""Our aspiration Using these technologies is to bring a brand new pathogen from gene sequence to scientific tests in sixteen months,"" said Richard Hatchett, CEPI's Main govt.Minnick emphasised that the risk of contracting the ailment in Arizona is currently lower and the problem is beneath Management.Dele Alli has apologised for just a video posted on his Snapchat account by which the Tottenham and England midfielder appeared to mock an Asian gentleman and joke with regards to the coronavirus outbreak"
Corona... Chinese Plant Hope.. $1.5 Bln Social Donations - Sada El balad. 	"Amid state of panic because of the rapid spread of the new deadly “Corona”virus in China,official local media reported that a social campaign has raised a huge amount of money in donations,a phenomenon that reflects broad social solidarity within the country.
The Chinese newspaper “People’s Daily”,Quote: d officials from the “China Charity Association”,saying that the total donations amounted to about a $ billion and a half,until two days ago.
China needs this money to build hospitals,complete quarantine procedures and conduct research to prepare for a vaccine.
Mean while,the streets of Hubei province,the epicenter of the corona virus,remain closed and public transportation has stopped,but a small number of residents continue to breach procedures in an attempt to meet their basic needs.
The World Health Organization declared a health emergency Thursday because of the virus ,which caused global panic,and moved to a number of countries.
On the other hand,observers tried to answer the question on how far the virus might spread . One estimate predicts that the total number of infections in five major Chinese cities — Beijing,Shanghai,Guangzhou,Shenzhen and Chongqing — will peak between late April and early May,according to a model developed by researchers at The University of Hong Kong .
During this period,as many as 150,0 new cases may be reported in Chongqing each day due to the city’s large population and the volume of travel from Wuhan to Chongqing,the team reported.
The same model predicts that the number of people showing symptoms in Wuhan will spike to more than 50,0 by this upcoming weekend. Of course,things are changing rapidly,and the model’s estimates rely on many unknowns."
Singapore bank becomes evacuated due to corona virus. 	"Singapore, Feb 13 (HS): Corona virus, which is wreaking havoc in China, has now prevalent in Singapore. Singapore has the most infected positive patients after China.
According to the latest report, the number of infected patients in Singapore has increased to 50. The Government has decided to foot the bill of all infected patients if treatment is sought in a private hospitals.
Meanwhiler panic gripped a bank when , an employee of Singapore&apos;s DBS Bank has been found infected with the corona virus. After this, there was chaos entire bank was ordered to be evacuated and shut till further notice. . DBS said an employee was tested on February 11 and the results of the tests were found to be corona virus positive.
Meanwhile, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Tuesday that the official name of the deadly corona virus would be &apos;Kovid-19&apos;. The WHO has declared the corona virus an international public health emergency."
5 Easy Facts About corona virus new york Described. 	"Eleven people in four towns of India are stored underneath observation when they returned from China and confirmed delicate symptoms of the new coronavirus that has killed 41 individuals in the nation, contaminated virtually 1,300 there and has distribute throughout Asia as well as the US and Europe.Coronaviruses are found in many different animals, like camels, cattle, cats, and bats. A single investigation paper also prompt snakes being a doable source. The brand new virus could possibly be linked to a seafood and live animal marketplace in Wuhan that has considering that been shut.The CDC also states that individuals who Imagine They could are actually subjected to the 2019 novel coronavirus should really Get in touch with their health care vendors quickly. ADHS states that anyone who has not too long ago traveled to Wuhan and feels sick that has a fever, cough, or difficulty breathing really should search for healthcare care, steer clear of connection with Many others, not vacation while Ill, clean hands frequently and extensively, and generally deal with your mouth and nose when coughing or sneezing.Gilead Sciences Inc stated it absolutely was evaluating no matter if its experimental Ebola procedure might be made use of to treat coronavirus an infection.“I truly feel There exists additional correction forward,” he mentioned Monday morning. “This is not a straightforward scenario.”“We know that it can be transmitted from personal to person, but we don’t still know how easy that transmission can be...or at what point within the illness an individual can transmit the virus,"" Barbot stated.Public health and fitness officers are urging people who have recently traveled to China to Call their area wellness Office or their medical doctor if they have got symptoms, including fever, cough or shortness of breath.Dit Cheung has never been to Wuhan, China—the epicenter of the outbreak—but he appreciates it’s a giant city.The 1st Wuhan coronavirus circumstance within the U.S. was declared Tuesday when federal wellness officials confirmed a Washington Condition gentleman in his 30s who traveled to China was hospitalized. On Friday a sixty-calendar year-aged lady from Chicago who flew to Illinois from Wuhan past week was verified as the 2nd scenario.David Abel says in movie update check here on Fb that he were eating with fellow Briton who examined favourable for coronavirus on the cruise ship docked in JapanOfficers are certainly not confirming the place within the state the affected individual is found or when the situation was described.A baby is viewed sporting a facemask, as community worry in excess of China's Wuhan Coronavirus grows, for the Ninoy Aquino Global Airport on Feb. three, 2020 in Manila, Philippines. The Philippine authorities continues to be closely criticized immediately after failing to immediately apply journey restrictions on China, the source of a lethal coronavirus that has now killed much more than three hundred folks and infected hundreds far more.Healthcare employees have a individual into your Jinyintan hospital, in which sufferers infected that has a new pressure of Coronavirus determined as the cause of the Wuhan pneumonia outbreak are being treated, in Wuhan, China on Jan. 18, 2020.The earth Well being Group (WHO) claimed it can choose whether to declare the outbreak a global well being emergency, which might action up the Intercontinental reaction."
2019-nCoV outbreak: This too shall pass. 	"Recently, a petition with over 350,000 signatures has been going around calling for a ban on people from China travelling into Malaysia. The intent is to supposedly protect the Malaysian people.
Reading its content and call for action, based on the “unhygienic lifestyle” point, one could be mistaken for thinking that it was more xenophobic and bigoted in nature rather than being based on any real scientific basis or good public health strategy.
However, it didn’t stop more than a quarter of a million Malaysians from all walks of life from adding their names to the petition.
The fact is despite the Chinese government imposing an unprecedented travel restriction on over 20 million people in three cities, this drastic move to contain the spread of the current coronavirus outbreak is not likely to succeed. This is the Chinese New Year period during which the world’s largest annual human migration occurs. This involves an estimated 2.8 billion trips within China alone.
The time for containment of this disease within the geographical borders of a country (which are not recognised by any virus, bacteria or pathogen) has long passed. It may have been possible months ago but the barnyard doors are wide open now. The virus is already moving rapidly across the globe, thanks to air travel and the holiday season.
Based on that fact, a century’s worth of public health experience and epidemiological evidence from previous outbreaks of coronavirus, we can definitively say that travel bans simply will not work for this type of viral infection.
Yes, they delay the spread of the virus due to the reduced movement of people, but travel restrictions and bans were found to be unable to actually prevent infections. They also diverted much needed political attention and resources. Travel bans enforces a harmful Maginot mentality which conveys a false sense of security for the population, implying that they would be protected.
Malaysia’s Ministry of Health is already being guided by the World Health Organisation’s (WHO) prevention and control strategies regarding this outbreak.
WHO’s recent Emergency Committee meeting, which reviewed current reports and recognised the urgency of the situation, decided to hold off declaring the ongoing situation as a Public Health Emergency of International Concern (PHEIC), which imposes a legal duty on member states to act. The 2009 H1N1 pandemic, 2014 polio declaration, 2014 Western Africa outbreak of Ebola, Zika virus epidemic in 2015-16, and 2019 Kivu Ebola epidemic were previously declared as such. They may still do that for this outbreak.
What we can do now is to use what we learnt from the previous and ongoing pandemics and epidemics (e.g. annual flu, influenza, SARS, MERS) to figure out the best way to manage and control the spread of this virus.
The reality is that in this globalised environment, it is not possible to completely isolate this country from having cases of this novel coronavirus. We know that and we should (and we are) prepared for that eventuality. We have learnt a lot from previous coronavirus pandemics, SARS and most recently, MERS.
In 2002, severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) caused global panic, infected more than 8000 people, in 29 countries including Malaysia. There were 774 deaths. The fatality rate is around 10%. There is no treatment available, but a possible vaccine is on the horizon.
The Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) emerged from Saudi Arabia in 2012 and is still spreading today. It has been found in 27 countries, including Malaysia. More than 2,500 people have been infected. There have been around 860 deaths, which leads to a fatality rate of around 35%. There is no treatment available, and there is no vaccine.
Despite the far higher mortality rate for MERS and the nightmare scenario of any infectious disease epidemiologist of hundreds of thousands of people congregating to the epicentre of a disease, the annual hajj or umrah pilgrimages were not stopped. Neither were thousands of Malaysian pilgrims quarantined or not be allowed into the country, despite there being fatalities from MERS infection among Malaysians.
Knowledge and good understanding of public health, virology and epidemiology inform and guide us on what, how and the best course of action to manage and contain these epidemics, using science and our combined knowledge and expertise. It isn’t blind faith but informed decision making.
In times like these, everyone turns into epidemiologists or infectious disease specialists, fuelled by information derived from social media and the internet. Suddenly, R0 values are the thing to know.
Make no mistake. This is a serious epidemic. We should not downplay it or trivialise concerns. Like all its brother coronaviruses, this novel one will move around the globe. People will be infected, treated and there will be deaths. Absolutely.
However, communication and dissemination of accurate and evidence driven information and practices will serve us better rather than calling for bans, depending on messages spread through conspiracy sites and paranoia of our neighbours and friends.
There is much information out there but there are those which are misleading, sensationalised and even deliberately wrong ""facts"".
Constant vigilance, accurate information, good communication, practice of the recommended precautions and most importantly cooperation, will be what brings this outbreak under control.
These days, using social media, it is easy for many of us to second guess the efforts of the Ministry of Health or question whether they are being transparent with the public. We justify it out of concern and fear for ourselves and our families. It is only human to do so.
However, take a minute and think about the courage and fear faced by our women and men who are healthcare professionals, have family and colleagues, at the frontlines of this epidemic. They are doing the necessary and critical work to protect the rest of us. The least we could do is to have their backs and support them as they go about doing the work that they are trained to do.
A recent report by the Economist Intelligence Unit, using its Global Health Security Index, found that Malaysia ranked higher than Singapore in preparedness of major infectious disease outbreaks. This country’s response framework ranked 18th out of a total of 195 countries.
So, this is not blind faith but trust that the women and men of the Ministry of Health not only know what they are doing but are also highly skilled in what they do.
Unfortunately, due to climate change and the consequences of the global population explosion, there will be more such outbreaks. We must prepare for them.
We have lived through several pandemics, and from the looks of it, we can and will get through this one too.
"
Corona virus. 	"The number of people who have died after being infected by the novel coronavirus rose to 813 on Sunday, surpassing in less than two months the death toll during the eight-month-long outbreak of the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) virus in 2003.
Total infections from the coronavirus, which is similar to the SARS pathogen, reached around 37,500 on Sunday, and officials in Shanghai said they had observed a worrying new attribute in the new outbreak: the virus can infect new patients as an aerosol. SARS had claimed the lives of 774 people in 2002-03.
Experts and officials said the coming week will be crucial as millions of Chinese return to their places of work after the Chinese New Year holidays, which were extended in an effort to curb the disease’s spread.
The number of new cases logged over Saturday was 3,419 — slightly higher than the 3,205 seen the previous day but still lower than the peak of 3,925 reported on Wednesday.
“That means the joint control mechanism of different regions and the strict prevention and control measures have worked,” a spokesman for the National Health Commission, Mi Feng, said at a news conference, according to news agency AP.
Among the new infection cases were six more people diagnosed with the virus among the 3,700 passengers on a cruise ship quarantined in Japan, Reuters reported. The crew of the ship includes 136 Indians, who have appealed to the Indian government for help.
The new cases are an American passenger in her 70s and five crew members — four Filipinos and a Ukrainian.The infections on Diamond Princess, now 70 in all, represents the single-largest cluster of patients outside of a hospital in China.
Many of China’s usually teeming cities have almost become ghost towns during the past two weeks as the government ordered virtual lockdowns, cancelled flights, closed factories and shut schools. Even on Monday, a large number of workplaces and schools will remain closed and many white-collar employees will work from home — a level of restriction that is predicted to hit the Chinese as well as parts of the global economy.
Financial markets in many countries have slumped and businesses in India are taking stock of inventories of raw materials and products they import from Chinese manufacturers.
On Sunday, a fourth British citizen was confirmed to have been infected by the virus following a chain of contact that demonstrated how virulent the pathogen is. The latest patient is believed to have contracted it from another British citizen while they briefly shared lodging at a ski resort in France.
Officials in Shanghai said the they have now confirmed a new transmission route for the virus: as aerosol. “Aerosol transmission refers to the mixing of the virus with droplets in the air to form aerosols, which causes infection after inhalation, according to medical experts,” Chinese news outlet China Daily quoted Zeng Qun, deputy head of the Shanghai Civil Affairs Bureau, as saying.
Aerosol transmission can potentially cause someone to be infected if a patient nearby sneezes.
Till now, the virus is believed to have spread through direct transmission — through contact with blood or body fluids – or indirect transmissions, which include contact with a surface infected by a patient.
As millions of Chinese prepared to go back to work, the public dismay and mistrust of official numbers was evident on Weibo, China’s equivalent of Twitter.
“What’s even more frustrating is that these are only the ‘official’ data,” said one user.
“We all know we can’t purchase masks anywhere, why are we still going back to work?” said a second. “More than 20,000 doctors and nurses around the country have been sent to Hubei, but why are the numbers still rising?” asked a third.
Authorities had told businesses to tack up to 10 extra days on to holidays that had been due to finish at the end of January and some restrictions continued. Among the latest 89 deaths, 81 were in Hubei.
An American hospitalised in the provincial capital Wuhan, where the outbreak began, became the first confirmed non-Chinese victim. The Washington Post identified him as Hong Ling, a 53-year old geneticist who studied rare diseases at Berkeley"
Coronavirus nCOV 2019 - God's Last WarningGod's Last Warning. 	"The Novel Coronavirus, otherwise known as the Wuhan Coronavirus has taken root in every major country now. It increases at a rate of approximately 1.4x every day. So if you have 10 cases today, you will have 14 tomorrow, 20 the next day, and so on. This is assuming a best case scenario, going off how the virus spread over the last few weeks in China.
Unlike most outbreaks, like SARS (also a coronavirus), This one is basically unstoppable, given it’s r0 of approx 3.5-4.7.
What do I recommend at this point? Keep yourself informed by subscribing to the channel at the end of this article and watching the video above and the particularly the video below. So far he seems to be one of the few balanced and up to date sources for info on this virus.
The only real way to avoid contracting this virus is complete isolation. This is what the government of China has chosen to do based on their data. Rather than repeat the information, I suggest you watch the video below and all his past videos. This is the real deal.
I have heard a number of people say, “I will just do nothing and trust in God” based on psalm 91. Now, I absolutely agree if you are taking all available precautions, yes, you can claim those promises, and to avoid panic, I suggest you read it and rest in the promises. However, it is important to note, God is not your fairy god mother. God expects you to do whatever you can, and he will fill the gap of what you can’t do. God will not protect you from traffic if you walk out in front of it. He will not protect you if you intentionally jump off a cliff or play with dangerous snakes in an uncontrolled manner. God uses people to warn you, he gives you options, but you have to take them.
Also, you need to pray and listen closely. These events if not prevented by extreme measures, will have a drastic impact on the financial security of the world. It may be a precursor to many of the last day draconian laws that culminate in Sunday laws. However, God knows the future, he knows where you are, and what you can do in your given environment, so you need to pray and use your God given facilities to protect yourself and/or your friends and family.
Opposition
Be aware, that due to the nature of geometric progression, the virus will appear to move very slowly in your country for the next week or so. You will be called crazy and many different things by friends and family if you take the necessary steps to avoid the virus, just as Noah was. Trust the data, and while panic is useless in this situation, a healthy respect for this dangerous virus is not. A geometric progression will take 67 days to go from 2 to 8 billion cases. Obviously this will slow as people wake up, however, due to the long period of asymptomatic spread of this virus, you don’t have long to act. There are likely far more people infected than is represented by the data.
Most importantly get right with God and family members.
God is in control, and many will be put in the grave to save them before the end. Any issues you have, get on the phone and try to resolve it where possible. Life is short, and for a significant portion of the population, it just got a lot shorter.
So on that note, pray for your friends and family members and stay informed. Official Case tracking map here (updates daily). Stay safe, and God bless. "
A Highly-Compressed Wave-Form Echo: Corona Virus Vaccine (Months) Vs. Ebola Efforts (Decades). 	To be fair, one cannot grow up a reliable vaccine, until the targeted virus is imaged, and sequenced, and known -- with great specificity. So it would take time, in any event. Loading that specific sequence of [killed] DNA proteins into a simian or bovine encapsulated viral shell, if you will, is now the likely preferred approach -- to Corona- 2020. That said, the Ebola virus protein structure [and this approach] was well known [at least in Canada ], since the late 1970s. . . but a vaccine wasn't finished until 2014. Contrast that with Novel Corona -- just isolated a few months ago, but the work is already well-underway at JNJ, Merck-partner Moderna, the NIH and elsewhere. . . to solve the vaccine puzzle and arrest this outbreak. [As a side bar, it seems former FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb, MD is at least obliquely criticizing the efforts of Seema Verna , at HHS -- on speed of response, this time around.] In any event, see this, as an example of the typical MSM reporting : . . . .[T]here are several other groups working on vaccines tailored to the new coronavirus. One team, from the National Institutes of Health and Moderna drug company, is also leveraging the similarities between the viruses and using other previous research toward a SARS vaccine as a template. (“I call it plug and play,” the lead scientist told the New York Times.) Will any of these end up working? It will take a while to figure out -- potentially longer than the new virus sticks around. Indeed, Hotez’s SARS vaccine is something of a warning of what happens to a promising vaccine once the issue at hand goes out of vogue: The funding dries up, and the vaccine goes to the back of the refrigerator. . . . We will find the answer here -- and it is true that commerce -- trade with China [now threatened] is vastly larger, on a global scale -- than trade with the DRC, Guinea or Sierra Leone. . . but that doesn't make it. . . right . Onward, out into the sunshine here. Thinking of Albert, now five years, passed. . . . slightly sad, but a grin, for a full life. . . . Grin. .
Cover of Corona. 	"The novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV), which prompted the World Health Organisation (WHO) to sound a global health emergency in January, has affected over 34,000 people worldwide and cut short the lives of over 720 so far.
The respiratory infection, which is now more widespread than the 2002-03 severe respiratory acute syndrome (SARS) in terms of number of people affected, originated in China. The first known human infection, likely originated from a single infected animal, in early December 2019. It was detected in Wuhan, a city in the Hubei province, in mid-December 2019. The 2019-nCoV subsequently engulfed the whole of China and in no time spread its tentacles to other countries across the world.
While the outbreak is spreading all over rapidly, Chinese health authorities are working on determining the origin of the virus. They claim that the virus could have spread from a seafood market in Wuhan, though without any conclusive evidence. The WHO also says an animal source appears most likely to be the primary source of the outbreak.
How Deadly Is It? According to some experts, the novel coronavirus outbreak may not be as deadly when compared with earlier coronavirus outbreaks like SARS and Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS). While SARS killed close to 800 people – 300 in China alone – MERS, which did not spread widely, killed about one-third of those who got affected (858 deaths of 2,494 people affected).
The number of people tested positive for the 2019 n-CoV, around the world and the number of deaths related to it so far suggest a fatality rate of 2%, which is considered to be on the higher side for a respiratory virus. However, the number of infected individuals, who may not have been diagnosed, is likely to be much higher, suggesting that the fatality rate could be well below 2%.
In layman terms, viruses cannot be deadly and can go undetected. A deadly virus typically has a more complex and severe list of symptoms, including a sudden onset and a higher chance of death. This causes patients to report to hospitals at earlier stages of the infection, creating a panic situation in medical facilities due to the high number of infected individuals with severe symptoms in very little time. According to several experts, though infections like these are difficult to detect and control, they are fortunately less lethal.
Containing Spread Will measures like airport screenings and isolation of infected individuals contain the epidemic of n-CoV? At this early stage, there seems to be no definite answer. With few historical references to look back on, clarity is far from certain. Results could in about a month’s time establish and only then will it be clear if the measures being taken by most cities were any worth.
As of now, it appears that the infected individuals can transmit the virus even before having the symptoms of it. On one hand, quarantining infected individuals and keeping them in isolation slows down the epidemic, while on the other, there is a huge risk of those at a pre-symptomatic stage going undetected.
China’s Mass Quarantine Removal of the suspected source from the disease-hit area is mandatory but not sufficient. Chinese officials did take the necessary steps and shut the Wuhan wet-market, from where the virus is said to have “originated”. The next step China had to take was to contain the epidemic. In order to do so, Wuhan’s public health authorities cordoned the ground zero, by shutting public transport and other services claiming to be in a “state of war”.
While isolation of individuals is a common practice during public health emergencies, quarantining millions of healthy people is unprecedented. Despite the mild severity of this disease, over 50 million people in Hubei Province have been restricted to their region as Chinese authorities try to prevent the spread of the virus.
Looking at it from the outside, one may welcome China’s move of quarantining millions of people. But it is a mere delusion to assume that one person’s risk of infection is the same as another’s because they live in the same region. To isolate those who have any theoretical risk of disease is more about allaying fear among public, though in reality, the severity of the disease is a lot milder.
Assuming that less than 1% of Wuhan’s 11 million population is infected with the virus, we could say that 99% of the people are not positive cases of the virus. With the right public healthcare response, the majority of the people who are affected by n-CoV would be highly unlikely to contract the disease.
Such mass quarantines have not only led to crowded hospitals and panic but are also resulting in shortage of food and supplies, dip in local economies and among all major risks, creating scope for new health problems for those who are not affected.
Death of a Whistle-blower Is he dead? Is he not? Li Wenliang, the doctor who warned the medical community about severe pneumonia cases in December and was reprimanded by Wuhan authorities for that warning, has “reportedly” died of the coronavirus. His death was initially reported by China’s state-run paper, Global Times, then retracted, leading to mass confusion.
After the news of Li’s death initially broke on Wednesday in Beijing, the public — that considered him a whistle-blower and a hero — mourned his death and directed their ire at Chinese authorities. Adding to the confusion, several Chinese media outlets reported that Li was, in fact, still alive. China’s National Supervisory Commission, the country’s top anti-corruption agency, announced in a statement that it would send a team to Wuhan to investigate his death.
However, the hospital in which he worked and was admitted, in an official statement, said: “Our hospital’s ophthalmologist Li Wenliang was unfortunately infected with coronavirus during his work in the fight against the coronavirus epidemic. He died at 2:58 am on Feb 7 after attempts to resuscitate were unsuccessful.”
Is it lab-grown? Suspicions are being raised globally over the origins of the n-CoV. Dany Shoham, a former Israeli military intelligence officer who has studied Chinese bio warfare, alleged that the advanced virus research laboratory, known as the Wuhan Institute of Virology, is behind the “accidental” leak of the lethal virus. The institute, linked to Beijing’s covert biological weapons programme, is the only declared site in China capable of working with deadly viruses.
A scientific paper by a group of Chinese researchers, published in the medical journal ‘The Lancet’ argued that the first 13 of 41 patients affected by the virus had no contacts with the seafood market at all in early December. Another conspiracy theory doing the rounds is whether the Chinese Communist Party leaked the virus on purpose as a desperate attempt to stay in power.
Meanwhile, China has slammed Israel’s recent claim that the lethal new nCoV originated from the leaked biological warfare lab. Chinese researchers are now busy concentrating their efforts in developing vaccines to contain the epidemic. While we may not know the truth about the origins of the 2019-nCoV, some forward thinking on the why and frequency of such virus attacks must be done on a war footing.
Certain laboratories in the institute (Wuhan Institute of Virology) have probably been engaged, in terms of research and development, in Chinese (biological weapons), at least collaterally, yet not as a principal facility of the Chinese BW alignment
Dany Shoham, former Israeli military intelligence officer
Understanding the disease, its reservoirs, transmission and clinical severity and then developing effective counter-measures is critical for the control of the outbreak, to reduce deaths and minimize the economic impact
Dr Soumya Swaminathan, WHO Chief Scientist
A Heavy Toll SARS Number of people infected: 8,100
Deaths: 774
Death percentage: 9.5%
Countries Affected: 27
MERS Number of people infected: 2,494
Deaths: 858
Death Percentage: 34.5%
Countries Affected: 27
nCoV No of people infected so far: 34,000
Deaths so far: 722
On Your Guard Majority of those affected by 2019-nCoV have had fever, pneumonia, shortness of breath Some others have claimed muscleache, headache and sore throat One is at a risk of contracting the virus only with direct contact with someone who is already affected."
The Corona Virus Hysteria: 5 Million Cases Worldwide, And 650000 Deaths Annually. 	"I am continuing to monitor the so called ""epidemic"" that the Jew spew media is screaming is happening right now in China, and will somehow ""kill us all"" unless we all obediently line up like dumb ass sheep and take what ever ""vaccines"" the criminals concoct to be injected in our bodies to supposedly fight this ""Corona Virus""....
I for one smell a rat and complete bullshit in regards to this ""Corona Virus"" scare, and I am not going to be swayed at all into the false belief that this is somehow going to kill us all.... But as some readers have observed and informed me, some alternative news sites such as ""Rense"" have climbed on board this ""Corona Virus"" epidemic bandwagon and are filling their sites with fear mongering reports... Honestly, shame on you, Jeff Rense, for promoting such propaganda and not doing some real research into the facts behind this entire ""Corona Virus"" scare first!
In the meantime, I am going to continue putting up reports to get readers to understand that there is far more to this ""Corona Virus"" scare than meets the eye.... In fact, I want to present the following very important report that comes from the Global Research group from right up here in Canada, and through their website at www.globalresearch.ca.... This one is authored by Tom Clifford, and is entitled: ""5 Million Cases Worldwide, And 650,000 Deaths Annually: The Seasonal Flu Virus Is A ""Serious Concern"", But The Wuhan Coronavirus Grabs The Headlines""....Here is that report right here for all to see for themselves, and I have further thoughts and comments to follow:
5 Million Cases Worldwide, 650,000 Deaths Annually: The Seasonal Flu Virus is a “Serious Concern”, But the Wuhan Coronavirus Grabs the Headlines Tom Clifford Reporting from Beijing By Tom Clifford Global Research, January 27, 2020
The common flu virus will infect millions across the globe. It can be easily spread and will especially strike the young and the elderly. But this is not what has been described as the Wuhan virus. The common flu is far deadlier. This is not to downplay the Wuhan coronavirus flu, or to give it its medical name, 2019-nCoV. The common flu causes up to 5 million cases of severe illness worldwide and kills up to 650,000 people every year, according to the World Health Organization In the US: The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that so far this season, there have been at least 15 million flu illnesses for the 2019-2020 season, 140,000 hospitalizations and 8,200 deaths in the U.S. The CDC reports there have been 54 reported flu-related pediatric deaths this season from Influenza B viruses. ( The Hill ) China’s Coronavirus Keeping track of Wuhan virus figures is difficult, not least because of the two-week incubation period. The coronavirus outbreak, which is concentrated in Wuhan, a major transport hub in central eastern China, has so far killed 56 and infected almost 2,000. The initial symptoms of coronavirus are typically similar to those of a cold or flu, which means it is hard for people to know if they are infected, especially given that the outbreak has coincided with flu season. The mayor of Wuhan said on Sunday evening that he expected another 1,000 or so new cases. But the National Health Commission in Beijing said the number of people currently under medical observation for the virus is 30,453. This raises immediate questions about how and where they are being observed. Coronavirus Outbreak, a Global Public Health Emergency? The response to the outbreak has been criticized with people complaining that announcing restrictions hours before they could be properly implemented allowed people to evade quarantine. The strict restrictions also risk causing resentment and distrust of authorities and the health messages they deliver. A massive construction effort is being undertaken in Wuhan to build a 1,000-bed hospital for the virus patients. In the past week, the number of confirmed infections has more than tripled and cases have been found in 13 provinces in China, as well as the municipalities Beijing, Shanghai, Chongqing and Tianjin. The virus has also been confirmed in Hong Kong, Macau, Japan, Nepal, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand, the United States, and Vietnam. The virus seems to have a 3 percent mortality rate. However, this could be an overestimate since there may be a far larger pool of people who have been infected by the virus but who have not suffered severe enough symptoms to attend hospital and so have not been counted in the data. Consequently, it is difficult to gauge just how contagious it is. A crucial difference is that unlike flu, there is no vaccine for the new coronavirus, which means it is more difficult for vulnerable members of the population – elderly people or those with existing respiratory or immune problems – to protect themselves. The common flu does not grab the headlines. But attach a foreign name to a virus – such as Ebola, Zika and Wuhan – and then the headlines flow. Apart from the obvious health concerns, there is a political dimension. Some countries, including the US, France, Australia and Japan have suggested that they want to evacuate their citizens from Wuhan and nearby areas. Just how this would take place is unclear. Images of foreigners being airlifted or bussed out of Wuhan, while Chinese citizens remain, could see passions rise. At the very least, it will appear that there is special treatment for foreigners. The streets of Beijing this morning are eerily quiet. Residents of the capital would normally be celebrating Chinese new year, the year of the rat, that started on Saturday, by attending temple fairs. All such fairs have been cancelled. Apart from the family fun on offer at the fairs, they provide a setting where families can pay homage to deceased relatives. Fake money and food would be burnt to appease the spirits of the deceased and ensure good health prosperity for the year ahead. There is no anger on the streets but a sense of confusion and apprehension . This coming week should see hundreds of millions of people return from the hometowns where the celebrated the new year to their cities of work. A clearer picture will then emerge of the scale of the problems facing the authorities. * Note to readers: please click the share buttons above or below. Forward this article to your email lists. Crosspost on your blog site, internet forums. etc. Featured image is from EWAO The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Tom Clifford , Global Research, 2020
NTS Notes: It should be obvious by now that there clearly is an agenda behind the promotion of this ""Corona Virus"" and how the Jew spew media is hyping this thing to death.... And clearly the evidence shows that YES there have been some deaths due to this virus, but the number of deaths still pales in comparison to those who supposedly die annually from Influenza!
And yes, I agree with Tim Clifford on how the liars in the Jew spew media are showing fraudulent imagery from China and elsewhere and trying to sell it to the gullible public that the pictures are REAL.... But luckily there are a lot of people out there that have exposed those pictures as fakes, and thus the criminals in our governments and the liars in the media have been hampered in their attempts to create mass hysteria..
And yes, the goal is indeed ""mass hysteria"" and panic It does show that people are still so gullible and unable to use critical thinking skills to understand the facts that even if this Corona Virus is real, the mortality rate and chances of catching the disease are very low and slim
Yes, the bottom line is that people are being fooled and misguided by the fear mongering and propaganda out there But again we saw much the same almost a decade ago when these bastards tried to sell us on the idea that there was an ""H1N1 Pandemic"" and that we all had to immediately go out and allow the criminals to inject their ""vaccines"" into our bodies... I will bet anything that this is absolutely a repeat of that fraud from a decade ago, and that the criminals are once again banking on the ignorance, stupidity, and very short attention spans, of gullible people now...
I will continue to bring REAL information here at this blog, and not the bullcrap fear mongering that you will find at other ""alternative media"" sites.... I want the truth and will not be swayed by ignorance and stupidity.."
Farewell Europe, Hello Chinese Corona. Top one, nice one, get sorted (Altern-8). 	"So I write this with just under one hour left in Europe. Now lets get this on the record and as I have said I did vote Brexit. I voted because I knew Cameron would fall on his sword and this would increase the chance of Corbyn getting into number 10. No other reason and I was on record from day 1 saying there should not be a referendum. I always stated that Brexit would not happen and Corbyn would get into power. As it was pointed out to me by a Brexit account this week (The bastard must have been trawling through auld tweets) I tweeted this “Unravel unravel and don’t believe the opinion polls. I got 14/1 on a Labour Majority. Already into 9/1. Bring it on. It’s beautiful to watch. Brexit wont happen either. Light at the end of the tunnel” Well that was £10 I wouldn’t see again. It is now over 7 weeks since I watched the news after staying up until 5am the night before to watch the horror show that was the election of 2019 and demolishing 2 bottles of rose wine to numb the pain. How things all changed eh. Obviously I cant dodge all news and get the odd headline etc but I could not give one flying fuck about it all now, though I did wince when I checked wikipedia for the date of the election to see how long I have not watched the news for and looking at that sea of blue (especially up north) is heartbreaking. Despite being officially a brexitier I am visiting Brussels in just over two weeks and to build some bridges with our European friends I will drink lots of local lager over the two days and if all else fails and things go really Pete Tong as my grandad was Irish I can apply for an Irish passport !!!
So never mind Europe its been all eyes east to China and the Coronavirus. Seems a few cases have now popped up over here and numerous UK passport holders have been flown back to the UK and will be housed at Arrowe Park hospital. not too many miles from my house as the crow virus flies. Now looking at the picture below of the new quarentine block imagine being told its ok we have a nice place for you to live in for two weeks. As the coach drives into the carpark and you spot you new home some kind of modern mini hight rise covered in green moss and a building that would not look out of place in Eastern Europe in one of my February trips away. Makes you think if there is also some kind of cladding underneath as well !! The coaches have arrived and reports of trolleys stashed with PS4’s and Xbox’s being spotted. Well I am sure the rats of The Wirral wont let the risk of a slight cold put them off with all that loot to have off all in once place.
Now I am firmly on the side of team coach driver on this one (See below) I don’t need no jabs, I don’t need no mask just give me a high visibility waistcoat. He will most probably just get off the coach and grab a massive jet wash and wash all that green slime of the side of the building and roar “How hard am I” Now I know many people are on the side of team full on white suite bod in the passenger seat. I cant see him holding a mic but I wonder what his announcements would be. “Welcome to Arrowe Park your home for two weeks. We have loads of PS4’s and xboxs for you to play on but as its the NHS the rental for a TV is £5 per hour” “A private luxury suite is available on the top floor and the luxury is you have no green moss outside your window”
I was going to try and make a few bob off the suckers and buy a shitload of face masks and when Corona Fever (Pardon the pun) cranks up to level 11 sell them at a tidy profit. If that doesn’t happen I was going to hold a rave an get Altern-8 to do a live set and flog then to all the ravers. I could set up a cottage industry and get my kids to colour them in yellow and draw an “A” on the front (Win/Win) I could also go full deluxe and buy chemical warfare kits and again if Corona fever doesn’t kick in re-design them as official replica Altern-8 chemical warfare suits (Win/Win)
“Top one, nice one, get sorted”
This time next year Claire (Mrs Fay) we will be millionaires.
Peace
"
2019-nCov virus shows China is ground zero for some dangerous new infections. 	"nCov virus shows China is ground zero for some dangerous new infections With the number of new Chinese cases and infections in Thailand, Japan and South Korea, fears are growing that spread will intensify as hundreds travel this week 21 January 2020 - 11:22 Dong Lyu, Jinshan Hong and Tongjian Dong Medical staff carry a box as they walk at the Jinyintan hospital, where the patients with pneumonia caused by the new strain of coronavirus are being treated, in Wuhan, Hubei province, China, on January 10 2020. Leaning over a metal cage stuffed with live hens in Shanghai, Ran looked for just the right specimen for her chicken soup. The 60-year-old was shopping at one of China’s wet markets, where sales of freshly slaughtered, unpackaged meat have become the focus of an investigation into an outbreak of a potentially deadly lung virus.
Four people have died and more than 200 have been infected, including 15 medical professionals. The new virus is a cousin of the cause of severe acute respiratory syndrome (Sars), which killed almost 800 people 17 years ago.
Known as 2019-nCov, the new coronavirus was first found in people who shopped or worked at a wet market in the central city of Wuhan. The pathogen may have been transmitted to humans from live animals sold there.
Sixty years after the Asian influenza pandemic and almost two decades after Sars, China remains ground zero for the emergence of many dangerous new infections. Asia’s wet markets, where shoppers mingle in narrow spaces with everything from live poultry to snakes, are seen as a key reason.
China has made strides in monitoring and detecting infectious diseases since Sars and tightened controls on the sale of exotic animals, considered nourishing in some parts of the country. Yet the markets, which offer conditions that can set off potentially deadly contagions, remain popular and a central part of life in many cities.
China says deadly coronavirus is spreading Number of cases soars in outbreak of human-to-human transmission of SARS-like virus World 1 week ago “Freshly killed hens are much better than frozen meat in supermarkets, if you want to make perfect chicken soup,” said Ran, who did not want to give her full name. “The flavour is richer.”
Preference for fresh meat from animals that aren’t properly quarantined or from the wild “does make China susceptible to the risk of new virus outbreaks through close animal and human contact”, said Wang Yuedan, a professor of immunology at Peking University’s School of Basic Medical Sciences. “The same is true for Ebola, which came about as a result of eating animals from the forest in Africa.”
With the surging number of new Chinese cases and infections found in Thailand, Japan and South Korea, fears are growing that spread will intensify as hundreds travel for the Spring Festival holiday this week. Wet markets are often thronged as fresh meat is procured for the lavish, banquet-style feasts that mark the start of the Chinese New Year.
It’s also a peak travel season for Chinese citizens, as the full week of public holidays gives time for trips abroad. Airports around the world have put in place measures to screen arriving travellers for symptoms such as fever and coughing.
Over the weekend, the Shanghai wet market was crowded with more than 100 customers inspecting and choosing chickens, which were then taken to an adjacent stall for on-site killing. The markets, typically large open buildings, also commonly offer seafood and pigs, as well as fruits and vegetables.
More exotic creatures such as snakes and marmots are harder to spot since the days of Sars — thought to have spread through civet cats — but are sometimes sold surreptitiously.
While the outbreak has rattled equity markets, the virus is likely not to be as deadly or infectious as Sars. There are signs of spread from person-to-person, but it doesn’t seem to do so easily, said Takeshi Kasai, World Health Organisation (WHO) regional director for the Western Pacific, in an interview with Bloomberg TV.
China confirms human-to-human transmission of new coronavirus WHO convenes an emergency meeting as number of cases more than triples and outbreak spreads to South Korea World 1 week ago Chinese authorities said that the outbreak is “still preventable and controllable”.
“If this were as infectious as influenza, we would expect to see more rapid spread around China and globally,” said Raina MacIntyre, professor of global biosecurity at the University of New South Wales. “Having said that, viruses can mutate and change during the course of an epidemic.”
China is closely acquainted with deadly pathogens. The Asian flu pandemic that emerged from wild ducks in 1957 killed as many as two-million people globally, according to the WHO. Sars may have spread from bats to humans via masked palm civets and other species in live-animal markets before it began infecting people.
Two strains of avian flu in the past decade also may have emerged from a poultry market and a goose farm.
China has come a long way since Sars, when the country was criticised for initially providing limited information and denying the scope of the problem. The epidemic revealed how poorly the nation was prepared to respond to infectious disease threats.
Since then, police and market regulators have launched crackdowns on the underground trade of wild animals, prohibiting the hunting and sale of endangered, rare and protected species. The government has opened up labs and networks to identify infectious pathogens. Ironically, its flagship lab is in Wuhan.
Still, rapid urbanisation and a dramatic increase in the movement of people and goods has meant that disease outbreak events happen every week in the west Pacific region, according to a WHO statement.
China’s vast size and population presents its policymakers with a Sisyphean-like task in trying to eradicate the threat from its wet markets. The virus outbreak comes as the country also faces African swine fever, the deadly pig disease that doesn’t harm humans but has devastated the pork industry.
Liu Yuanfei, who used to be a regular shopper at the Wuhan wholesale market where the virus is suspected to have emerged, recalls seeing live crocodiles, hedgehogs and deer there. Despite what’s happened, he’s sorry to see it shut down.
“When some crisis happens, people start to ask why, why, why,” said Liu. “But the existence of the market is driven by demand. As long as there’s demand, even if it doesn’t show up here, it will show up somewhere else.”
Bloomberg
China steps up efforts to contain virus as 17 more infected Wuhan's health authority confirms 17 more cases of the virus World 1 week ago SARS-like virus claims third victim and spreads around China Coronavirus strain raises spectre of epidemic that killed nearly 650 people in 2002-’03 World 1 week ago Second case of new Chinese virus diagnosed in Thailand Japan has also reported one case with the World Health Organisation saying the Wuhan virus could spread and warning hospitals worldwide"
Coronavirus Has Nothing To Do With Corona Beer. But Some People In Colorado Think It Does. 	"Some people apparently think that the coronavirus sweeping the globe is somehow related to Corona beer.
Google searches for the terms “Corona beer virus”, and “beer virus” have spiked over the past week, according to Google Trends.
And associating the virus and the beer apparently is a big thing in Colorado . Our state ranks #5 nationally in searches for “Corona beer virus”
Worldwide, searches for this grouping of words is up more than 2300%.
Although there is a lot to be learned about this new strain of virus, it is known that it has NOTHING TO DO with Corona beer. There is simply NO link between the two. (Credit: Scott Olson/Getty Images)
A source of confusion: the names
The pale Mexican lager gets its name for the “crown” in Spanish.
The coronavirus gets its name from what the virus looks like under a microscope—viral particles that are round with a series of crown-like spikes protruding from it.
From a business perspective, the manufacturer has not commented, and sales of Corona have not dropped.
From a health perspective, once again, there’s nothing linking the beer and the virus.
As with many things, there are a number of falsehoods floating the internet about the virus, including this one.
One out there that’s more dangerous is the idea that drinking bleach will protect you from the virus. In this case, the virus won’t kill you, but drinking bleach will.
Don’t believe everything on the Internet."
The Corona Epidemic – A Dangerous and a Less Dangerous Form. 	"Nearly all the deadly infections of the corona virus are localized in the centre of the epidemic in and near Wuhan in the province of Hubei, China. This analysis leads to two main types of contamination: 1) breathing in the virus after a nearby contaminated person coughs or sneezes and 2) contracting the virus via the fecal-oral route, due to poor hygiene, that is not washing your hands. Of these two methods, the first is very dangerous. From the point of view of epidemics, the second form is potentially as dangerous as the first one. But for most individuals that are treated well the consequence of being contaminated seems to be no more deadly than a normal flu. Even so, the danger for whole populations and even for whole continents remains huge: every infected individual, who is not properly treated, can lead to a huge and dangerous epidemic.
Introduction
There is a large difference in fatality for people infected in Wuhan and the surrounding area and for people that are infected outside the province of Hubei. Nearly all deadly cases can be traced back to contamination in Wuhan, Hubei. This observation requires an explanation.
Becoming infected in Wuhan is more dangerous than becoming infected elsewhere
Outside Mainland China, the disease has resulted in death only in Hong Kong and the Philippines. Both victims traveled from Wuhan in the province of Hubei where they were infected.*
Outside of the province of Hubei (the origin of the epidemic) contamination by the virus seems to be much less deadly for individuals that were contaminated. Outside the province of Hubei there are only 14 deaths, out of a total of 563** deaths. Nearly all of that small number of deaths, in the rest of Mainland China, seem to have been infected in or near Wuhan, Hubei.
This leads to the simple conclusion that individuals that have been infected in Wuhan are at greater risk than people that are infected outside Wuhan.
The question is: why?
Types of infections
From tuberculosis we know that there are two main types: the so called ‘open tbc’ and ‘closed tbc’. Open tbc (lungs involved) is very contaminating and the consequences are far more severe.
For the Wuhan coronavirus various ways of contamination are proposed ***: Spread from person to person through respiratory droplets emitted by coughing or sneezing. Airborne – meaning: the virus is able to travel across a large room. The fecal-oral route. Viruses from a diarrhea can be transmitted by hands or other means to the respiratory system of the infected person.
This analysis leads to the conclusion that a fourth one should be added:
4. The fecal-manual route. A first infection in the digestive system of the first person is transmitted by ‘shaking hands’ with secondary persons that may transmit the infection to their own digestive system, causing a primary reaction like diarrhea.
Origin and spread of infections of the new corona virus
In the city of Wuhan which is the origin of the epidemic 55% of the first contaminations are proven to come from a market. In first instance the digestive systems of one or more customers of the market must have been infected by eating contaminated food, causing a diarrhea.
If the virus is first infecting the intestines of a patient the body probably has more time to activate its defense system after which a person gets protection by antibodies, constraining the severity of the contamination: “ Reports point to mildly symptomatic but infectious cases of 2019-nCoV [2019 Novel Coronavirus], which were not a feature of SARS.”
Probably by the fecal-oral route, the respiratory system of one or more of the first victims, must have been reached in a second case, resulting in severe respiratory problems and in many deadly further cases.
In Wuhan contamination by respiratory droplets has been directly infecting the lungs of other victims nearby, resulting in many deaths for Wuhan and nearby. When large quantities of viruses are directly transmitted from lung to lung a totally unprepared and unprotected body gets a big problem from the very first moment: a viral load of up to 10 8 copies per milliliter is mentioned – 100 million viruses per milliliter.
Besides the above route the virus is transmitted via the fecal-manual route by seemingly healthy people whose digestive system has been infected but who are not aware of the type of infection or not even of becoming ill. People that are infected through the digestive route may or may not develop sickness symptoms like a diarrhea. These people themselves could not have or show problems in their respiratory system but they are still able to contaminate other people. For example, by simply shaking hands with other people with a hand with slight traces of the virus. The danger of a less than perfect hygiene (which is rather common) and more especially the hygiene in squat latrines has been mentioned in this informative article .
The fecal-manual route of contamination probably has been the case in most of the illness cases in the rest of Mainland China and in most of the secondary cases in foreign countries where corona infected people from China, not having respiratory problems, traveled to. The infection by an infected guest in the factory in Germany probably was transmitted by ‘just shaking hands’, which is what people in firms are used to doing when they meet each other.
Consequences
If the above analysis is correct, in case of sickness, two types of contamination must be distinguished: by the fecal-manual route by the respiratory route
The last one is by far the most dangerous for the individual because it directly affects the fragile lung system even before the slightest resistance in the body could have been built up. Both varieties however are very contagious and can spread the virus to many people which means that both varieties have more or less the same potential in creating a dangerous epidemic.
After recognizing the ‘dangerous’ and the ‘less dangerous’ variant different ways can be followed. The ‘respiratory group’ needs 100% isolation. For the other group 100% strict hygienic prevention measures should be enough to prevent further spreading. A ‘contactless period’ is needed but further complications for the infected person are much less probable which facilitates treatment and recovery.
The Big Danger
By seemingly healthy people the disease can travel to other locations and can be spread by persons that are not showing symptoms of the disease. The spread of this highly infectious disease might already have taken place to less equipped countries. In poor countries further containing of the very contagious disease will be more difficult than in China or in other more developed countries.
New possibilities for killing the epidemic?
The fact that people develop resistance against the disease by slight infections of the digestive system possibly opens up new ways to fight the epidemic. But it is not easy to imagine how this could happen without self-contamination of the lung system of some individuals or without transmitting considerable quantities of the virus to the people in the environment – things that happen during the uncontrolled spread of the virus.
Conclusions
From the geographical spread of confirmed cases of the corona virus the difference between two main types of contamination is inferred.
First there is, for individuals, the less dangerous contamination that only affects the digestive system of a patient. The patient himself often develops less severe symptoms but is still able to contaminate many other people by fecal-manual transmission.
Second there is the very dangerous variant in which the respiratory system is affected.
In case of ‘lung to lung’ transmission of infections the natural defense system of infected people does not have enough time to develop natural resistance against the disease. Very soon the patient is very ill and highly contagious in the most dangerous way. It is the contamination of the respiratory system that causes most deaths.
Outside Wuhan/Hubei contamination by the fecal-manual route probably is the most common way of becoming infected. This type of infection is less problematic in its direct effects because usually only the digestive system is involved. For the affected individual the contamination usually has less severe consequences but from the point of view of contaminating other people a high risk remains. Strict hygiene is needed.
Distinguishing the two forms of contamination, eases treatment decisions. Distinguishing the two forms of transmission leads to better and more efficient policies in fighting and constraining the epidemic.
Disclaimer: The author is a geographer, not a medical specialist nor an epidemiologist. Geographical data have lead to the above analysis which may be right or may be wrong but if right this analysis will have many advantages for policies regarding the epidemic. Many lives could be saved – which has been the reason to publish this not perfect and not complete analysis.
With regards to commenting, please adhere to the rules known for this site: quote and react, not personal.
In commenting, please be reminded you are on an international website: for foreigners it is difficult to understand abbreviations.
About the author: Wim Röst studied human geography in Utrecht, the Netherlands. The above is his personal view. He is not connected to firms or foundations nor is he funded by government(s)."
The latest antivaccine conspiracy theory: The 2019-nCoV Wuhan outbreak is due to a failed coronavirus vaccine. 	"Antivaccine activists are incredibly consistent in two things. First, they are conspiracy theorists par excellence. This first observation should not be surprising given that antivaccine views are strongly grounded in particularly what I like to call the central conspiracy theory of the antivaccine movement, namely that “they” (the CDC, big pharma, doctors, etc.) “know” that vaccines cause autism and all the adverse health effects falsely attributed to them by antivaxxers but are covering up the studies and data showing that. I’ve been writing about this aspect of antivaxxers for as long as I’ve been blogging, beginning the Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.’s conspiratorial take on the CDC Simpsonwood conference and more recently with Del Bigtree’s cherry-picking of quotes from the World Health Organization Vaccine Safety Summit a couple of months ago. Second, to antivaxxers, it’s always, always , always the vaccines. A recent example occurred when antivaxxers tried to blame the vaccine strain of measles for the deadly measles outbreak in Samoa late last year. Now, with the recent outbreak of serious coronavirus disease that started in Wuhan, China, antivaxxers are looking for another way to blame vaccines. Yesterday, they blamed the flu vaccine and viral interference. Today, former scientist turned antivaccine “scientist” James Lyons-Weiler is claiming that 2019-nCoV, the coronavirus strain behind the outbreak, is in reality the result of an attempt to make a vaccine that went wrong.
Because, of course, it’s always vaccines. Always. At least he could have been a bit more original, but originality is foreign to antivaxxers. Their conspiracy theories always involve harm caused by vaccines; so whenever there is an outbreak of a new disease you can always count on them somehow finding a way to blame vaccines, be they existing vaccines like the influenza vaccine or experimental vaccines, like the supposed coronavirus vaccine.
Conspiracy theorists generally don’t want to be perceived as conspiracy theorists; so they often go to great lengths to convince you that their conspiracy theory is reasonable. One strategy they employ to achieve that is to consider, seemingly very carefully, alternate explanations for the phenomenon being “explained” by their conspiracy theory. Lyons-Weiler does exactly that in his post, examining four different “explanations” for the 2019-nCoV coronavirus outbreak: Natural coronavirus related to bat coronaviruses, Not a recombined virus. A recombined virus that naturally picked up a SARS-like spike protein in it N-terminus (3′ end) of the viral genome. A recombined virus made in a laboratory for the purpose of creating a bioweapon. A recombined virus made in a laboratory for the purpose of creating a vaccine.
Like any good conspiracy theorist, he examines each “hypothesis” in turn and then—surprise! surprise!—concludes that his hypothesis conspiracy theory is the most likely to be true. Let’s start with #1 (Natural coronavirus related to bat coronaviruses, Not a Recombined Virus.) Lyons-Weiler begins by citing a Lancet paper hot off the presses yesterday on the nucleotide sequence of the 2019-nCoV coronavirus. In it, the authors reported the results of next generation sequencing of samples from bronchoalveolar lavage fluid and cultured isolates from nine inpatients, eight of whom had visited the Huanan seafood market in Wuhan, obtaining complete and partial 2019-nCoV sequences. They then did phylogenetic analysis, comparing the 2019-nCoV sequence to those of other coronaviruses in order to examine the evolutionary history of the virus and try to infer its likely origin.
Their findings:
The ten genome sequences of 2019-nCoV obtained from the nine patients were extremely similar, exhibiting more than 99·98% sequence identity. Notably, 2019-nCoV was closely related (with 88% identity) to two bat-derived severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS)-like coronaviruses, bat-SL-CoVZC45 and bat-SL-CoVZXC21, collected in 2018 in Zhoushan, eastern China, but were more distant from SARS-CoV (about 79%) and MERS-CoV (about 50%). Phylogenetic analysis revealed that 2019-nCoV fell within the subgenus Sarbecovirus of the genus Betacoronavirus, with a relatively long branch length to its closest relatives bat-SL-CoVZC45 and bat-SL-CoVZXC21, and was genetically distinct from SARS-CoV. Notably, homology modelling revealed that 2019-nCoV had a similar receptor-binding domain structure to that of SARS-CoV, despite amino acid variation at some key residues.
And conclusions:
2019-nCoV is sufficiently divergent from SARS-CoV to be considered a new human-infecting betacoronavirus. Although our phylogenetic analysis suggests that bats might be the original host of this virus, an animal sold at the seafood market in Wuhan might represent an intermediate host facilitating the emergence of the virus in humans. Importantly, structural analysis suggests that 2019-nCoV might be able to bind to the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 receptor in humans. The future evolution, adaptation, and spread of this virus warrant urgent investigation.
Translation: This virus probably originated in bats, but investigators can’t rule out its going through an intermediary, such as an animal sold at the seafood market in Wuhan where the outbreak originated and a number of non-aquatic animals such as birds and rabbits were also on sale before the outbreak. The authors noted that the genome “sequences of 2019-nCoV sampled from nine patients who were among the early cases of this severe infection are almost genetically identical, which suggests very recent emergence of this virus in humans and that the outbreak was detected relatively rapidly.”
So there is an inserted sequence that is different from the bat strains examined. Lyons-Weiler beliefs it came from a DNA vector pShuttle-SN, that was used in China in the 1980s to create a more immunogenic coronavirus. Let’s just say that he doesn’t make his case very well, but let’s take a look. First, he dismisses explanation #1 thusly:
Option 1. Natural coronavirus related to bat coronaviruses, Not a Recombined Virus.
Evidence for: Phylogenetic clustering with Bat coronaviruses.
Evidence against: Low bootstrap support (N=75) and presence of a INS1378.
Status: Falsified hypothesis . Test: Survey coronviruses in animals in the wild.
Lyons-Weiler might be correct here in that there probably to be some sort of evolutionary or recombination event resulting in the seemingly inserted sequence, but I wouldn’t call the hypothesis “falsified.” He’s leaping to that conclusion because he wants to blame a vaccine.
Next up:
Option 2. A recombined virus that naturally picked up a SARS-like spike protein in it N-terminus (3′ end) of the viral genome.
Evidence for: The INS1378 codon bias similar to snakes ($)
Evidence against: Insufficient match in database search to other known CoV spike proteins (Ji et al., 2020)
Status: Speculative hypothesis. Unlikely.
Test: Find an isolate that matches 2019-nCoV in the wild and reproducibly independently isolate the virus from a wild animal (a match will confirm).
What is “codon bias”? First, let’s explain what a codon is. A codon is the three nucleotide sequence that specifies a single amino acid in the protein that is encoded by a given gene. Because there are more three nucleotide combinations than there are amino acids (64 different codons—61 if you remove the stop codons that tell the ribosomes to stop making protein—versus only 20 amino acids used to make proteins), the genetic code is said to be “degenerate,” meaning that multiple codon sequences can encode a single amino acid, as this chart shows:
Note that “U” is uracil, which is what RNA uses instead of “T” or thymidine, which is what DNA uses. Basically, in terms of the genetic code, functionally U = T. Codon usage bias is a term that refers to a bias in which codons are used to specify a given amino acid. When multiple codons can encode a given amino acid in a protein, organisms have a bias in which codon(s) are used to encode that amino acid. In other words, the codons used to specify a given amino acid are not used randomly. Some are used more frequently than others, hence the term “codon bias” or “codon usage bias.”
What Lyons-Weiler is referring to is this paper, which claims that there was a coding bias consistent with snakes. Lyons-Weiler is also correct that this particular paper is not very good and makes an extrapolation that’s difficult to justify.
As noted in this WIRED story :
“It’s complete garbage,” says Edward Holmes, a zoologist at the University of Sydney’s Institute for Infectious Diseases and Biosecurity, who specializes in emerging RNA viruses, a class that includes coronaviruses like 2019-nCoV. Holmes, who also holds appointments at the Chinese CDC and Fudan University in Shanghai, is among a number of scientists who are pointing out—in virology forums, science Slacks, and on Twitter—what they deem to be major flaws in the paper, and calling on the journal to have it retracted. “It’s great that viral sequence data is getting shared openly in real time,” says Holmes. “The downside is then you get people using that data to make conclusions they really shouldn’t. The result is just a really unhelpful distraction that smacks of opportunism.”
And:
But Holmes says that this approach has a number of issues. For one thing, comparing codon bias is a very indirect way of identifying an animal host. For another, it works best when looking at species from wildly different corners of the taxonomical hierarchy. Plant and mammal viruses have really distinct codon patterns. So do insect and bird viruses. But within more closely related groups, it’s much harder to tease apart meaningful patterns—especially when the authors only sampled a few species. “There could easily be other species out there that are more similar than snakes, but we don’t know because they just haven’t been put in the analysis,” says Holmes. He and others are also skeptical that snakes could be the intermediate host, because there aren’t any documented cases of reptiles hosting coronaviruses that can transmit to humans. Their cold-blooded biology is just too different. 2019-nCoV, and its closest relative, SARS, belong to a subgroup known as beta-coronaviruses, which are only known to infect mammals.
Here’s the trick, though. Lyons-Weiler dismisses the possibility that 2019-nCoV somehow picked up a SARS-like sequence naturally based on a paper that made unjustified extrapolations and assumptions, presenting that paper as though it’s the only evidence for this. In fact, he hasn’t ruled out a recombination event with another, unknown coronavirus. As he himself pointed out, RNA viruses mutate rather rapidly.
Regarding option #3 (that 2019-nCoV was a bioweapon), the less said, the better. There is a BSL-4 (highest biosafety level) lab 20 miles from the Wuhan market, and, of course, whenever there’s a new outbreak one of the standard conspiracy theories that always—and I do mean always —crops up is that the organism causing the outbreak is a bioweapon that got loose. Personally, the version of this conspiracy theory that most amuses me is that 2019-nCoV is a weaponized coronavirus made in Canada and stolen by Chinese agents. Canada? Making bioweapons? Seriously?
Of course, the main reason Lyons-Weiler rejects the bioweapon conspiracy theory is because he wants to push the “vaccine strain” conspiracy theory instead:
IPAK researchers found a sequence similarity between a pShuttle-SN recombination vector sequence and INS1378. Here’s a shot of the alignment and the DOT Plot. Here’s the nucleotide sequence at NCBI’s Nucleotide database. Here’s a patent for its use in recombination virology. The pShuttle-SN vector was among many described in a 1998 paper by Bert Vogelstein et al; here is a company where one can purchase the pShuttle-SN vector.
Before I go any further, I did some BLAST searches for the “INS1378” sequence helpfully provided by Lyons-Weiler. Here is the result.
Not surprisingly, it’s all sequences related to the Wuhan market outbreak, although there is one segment that closely resembles (78% identity) the bat sequence:
I recognized the sort of analysis that Lyons-Weiler had done; so I decided to try to replicate it by aligning the “INS1378” sequence with the pShuttle-SN sequence using the BLAST tool. My analysis found a sequence 1,182 nucleotides long with 68% identity (which, let me tell you, is not very high, particularly with all the gaps). Here’s part of it:
This is pretty good alignment, but certainly nowhere near slam dunk evidence for the origin of 2019-nCoV being pShuttle-SN, especially when it’s almost certainly more likely that this sequence could have arisen naturally. After all, remember that, although this vector was apparently used by the Chinese to try to make coronavirus variant that was more immunogenic for use in a vaccine, the vector itself is just a plasmid (DNA in a circle) into which you can insert various DNA sequences to replicate and to drive expression. This particular vector was designed for use in generating adenovirus vectors. To that end, it has a bunch of restriction enzyme sites that can be used to insert DNA sequences. One version of the vector has a CMV promoter to drive expression of whatever cDNA sequence is placed into the vector. However, the sequence that matches (nucleotides 1214-2356) doesn’t code for any protein. It just happens to be a 68% match. If the sequence came from the vector, there should be large swaths of 100% match. As an actual expert pointed out on Twitter, the match should be close to 100% for the entire sequence: I looked at that alignment – the two aligned sequences are distantly related, but this would argue against his claim. If the insert came from a commercial vector, it would be near-identical. He doesn't seem to know what he's talking about, but he knows just enough to fake it — Steven Salzberg (@StevenSalzberg1) January 31, 2020
I’m starting to think I know why Lyons-Weiler no longer runs a bioinformatics core.
Lyons-Weiler then makes another leap of “logic”:
The very researchers conducting studies on SARS vaccines have cautioned repeatedly against human trials;
“An early concern for application of a SARS-CoV vaccine was the experience with other coronavirus infections which induced enhanced disease and immunopathology in animals when challenged with infectious virus [31], a concern reinforced by the report that animals given an alum adjuvanted SARS vaccine and subsequently challenged with SARS-CoV exhibited an immunopathologic lung reaction reminiscent of that described for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) in infants and in animal models given RSV vaccine and challenged naturally (infants) or artificially (animals) with RSV [32], [33]. We and others described a similar immunopathologic reaction in mice vaccinated with a SARS-CoV vaccine and subsequently challenged with SARS-CoV [18], [20], [21], [28]. It has been proposed that the nucleocapsid protein of SARS-CoV is the antigen to which the immunopathologic reaction is directed [18], [21]. Thus, concern for proceeding to humans with candidate SARS-CoV vaccines emerged from these various observations.” – Tseng et al.,
The disease progression in of 2019-nCoV is consistent with those seen in animals and humans vaccinated against SARS and then challenged with re-infection. Thus, the hypothesis that 2019-nCoV is an experimental vaccine type must be seriously considered.
This doesn’t even make sense. Yes, in animal models, animals vaccinated with a SARS vaccine then challenged with the SARS coronavirus developed severe disease due to an excessive immune reaction to the virus primed by the vaccine. That is indeed a reason to be very cautious moving to clinical trials of vaccines against SARS, MERS, or 2019-nCoV. It is quite a stretch to think that this observation strongly suggests that 2019-nCoV is likely to have come from a strain made in order to produce a coronavirus vaccine. Even Lyons-Weiler seems to realize this:
The disease progression in of 2019-nCoV is consistent with those seen in animals and humans vaccinated against SARS and then challenged with re-infection. Thus, the hypothesis that 2019-nCoV is an experimental vaccine type must be seriously considered.
Evidence for: Sequence homology between INS1378 to pShuttle Coronavirus vaccine; presence of a SARS-like Spike protein in bat coronavirus, otherwise most similar to bat coronaviruses; low bootstrap value.
Evidence against: Low sequence homology (but highly signifiant). NB these viruses are RNA viruses and they can evolve quickly, even under laboratory conditions.
Status: Most likely.
Test: Determine the nucleotide sequence all laboratory types of coronavirus being studied in China (a match will confirm). Find an isolate that matches 2019-nCoV in the wild and reproducibly independently isolate the virus from a wild animal (a match will falsify).
Seriously. Lyons-Weiler used to do genomics for a living before he turned to pseudoscience. Surely, at some level deep down, he must know what thin gruel this is. In fact, he inadvertently signals that he knows by following up “low sequence homology” with “but highly significant.” Then he concludes that his idea is “most likely” immediately after having dismissed the conspiracy theory that 2019-nCoV is an escaped bioweapon.
Let’s just put it this way. It’s highly unlikely that sequence from pShuttle, which does not code for any protein, inserted into a coronavirus could evolve into a sequence that encodes a virulent SARS-like peptide sequence, particularly given all the gaps in alignment between the two sequences. Far more likely, it would result in a coronavirus that couldn’t infect anything because one of its key proteins would be truncated due to a random stop codon. It’s also a nifty trick he pulled. Notice how he implies that the alignment he did was with the Chinese pShuttle containing the actual SARS sequence when in fact it was with just the shuttle vector itself (Genbank accession no. AY862402) without any inserted viral sequences.
None of this stops him from fear mongering about 2019-nCoV:
The implications are clear: if China sensitized their population via a SARS vaccine, and this escaped from a lab, the rest of world has a serious humanitarian urgency to help China, but may not expect as serious an epidemic as might otherwise be expected.
In the worst-case scenario, if the vaccination strain is more highly contagious and lethal, 2019-nCoV could become the worst example of vaccine-derived contagious disease in human history. With an uncharacteristic aysmptomatic prodromal period of 5-7 days, individuals returning from China to other countries must be forthright and cooperative in their now-prescribed 2-week quarantine.
Yes, Lyons-Weiler is actually suggesting that the Chinese sensitized their population with a SARS vaccine and that the vaccine strain of virus escaped from the lab. He soon realizes that that possibility would mean that this outbreak would likely be short and quickly contained, as there is no evidence that China ever conducted a mass vaccination program against SARS. There is, after all, as yet no approved vaccine for SARS . So he has to add that bit about the “worst case scenario” in which 2019-nCoV is more contagious and lethal. The problem is that we already know that it’s definitely not more lethal than MERS (not even close, given that MERS is 34% fatal) and likely not more lethal than SARS. He’s just pulling these speculations out of his nether regions. Whatever the origin of 2019-nCoV, Institut Pasteur has not only isolated and sequenced the responsible strain, but figured out how to grow large amounts of it in culture , paving the way to studies to determine the mechanism for its pathogenicity and to develop an effective vaccine.
James Lyons-Weiler’s speculations and fear mongering just go to show how even a scientist can fall under the spell of antivaccine pseudoscience (or any other conspiracy theory-driven pseudoscience). My guess is that the Lyons-Weiler who once ran a genomics core would have recognized that the “science” that the antivaccine Lyons-Weiler of today is laying down is nothing more than wild speculation that’s based on only the thinnest of scientific gruel and highly unlikely to be true. More’s the pity. Even worse, because he has a background in molecular biology, his conspiracy theory will sound plausible to most lay people. Share this:"
An expats thoughts on the corona virus outbreak. 	"There is one thing that I feel like explaining and get out of the way before I get started with this article, this is the fact that I have no background or any real medical training, beside first aid in the army and nation guard. So if you are looking for medical advice or any expert information about the current Corona outbreak, you should seek this from official sources, because this is all about my opinions and observations. How I see it from the view of an expat that loves to travel and explore the world around us, nothing more and nothing less. At the same time, I do not wish to fuel the fire any more than it already has been by the media focus on it these past few days.
With that out of the way, I have to say if you listen to the media and look at how China now are treating the outbreak you can easily get the feeling that its the end of the world or a doomsday scenario. With millions of people and entire cities put in forced quarantine, not to forget the fact that an entire industry seems to have been shut down by tens of thousands of flights has been cancelled just in and out of China alone. I want to stay positive and say that this is an overreaction, but if that's the case, it's not a bad thing. As a known Youtuber said in one of his videos this week, it's better to overreact and deal with the problem than have an underreaction and make it worse.
So when I am looking at all of this through the glasses of an expat that loves to travel and has been to China, it looks horrible and I feel like the joy of travel are under attack by this. That the end result will be that it will affect travel in the long run or at least make it more difficult to move around as freely as we do today. Because of my experience, there always comes regulations after an “episode” like this in an attempt to prevent the spread in future “events”. At the same time, I am worried about how big this thing really is, because if you look at how China is reacting, it does look like an end of days scenario and things have never in history been done or had a reaction of this magnitude.
I know that my focus on my own passion in all of this might seem a bit selfish, but at the same time, its something that is very dear to me and I would call it natural. When it comes to the outbreak itself, as I see it its important to be prepared and have a personal plan to deal with it if it comes to your parts of the wood. Things like stocking up on water, food and other things you need. Not just to prepare for this, but at the same time being prepared for other events in the future. This is something that I try my best to live by myself, to have some stock of food and such stored in case something would happen. Call me a prepper if you want, I call it common sense.
At the same time, I am sitting here in Peru with a family where both I and my son has an asthma thing going and an old mother sitting back home in Norway, so I guess it's normal to worry a bit more I guess. Not that I believe this would be a major thing but it does seem like its being treated more seriously than like SARS and similar outbreaks in the past. Again this can just be how the media are treating it, to make some money on the Coronavirus, but it doesn't hurt anyone to be prepared. That is the angle I am taking, better to overreact than underreact. That way you will have what you need in case this is the big one.
If I would be giving one advice it would be this, treat this as the big one and prepare for the worst, but at the same time, it's important not to panic based on the overflow of information that's happening at the moment. Because it's not to get around, the media will over inform you with big letters just to make a few extra clicks and some extra cents. The only thing you can is to stock up on food, water, gas and whatever medicine you might need in case it hits your part of the world. At the same time and this is important, focus on personal hygiene and always have a bottle of disinfectant close by, since this one also spreads through touch, but at the same time do not panic.
I would say that being prepared is the very best advice I can give anyone and that is important not to panic, I know its easier said than done. I would also say, do not listen to the “mainstream” media as its called, but if you have any questions, call your local authorities or if it's about the development of the outbreak you can check out this link ( confirmed 2019 – nCOV cases globally map ) it will direct you to the American CDC official site. At the same time, I want to underline that my article is based on personal opinions, feelings and observations. Keep in mind that I am not a medical professional in any way, shape or form. Just a worried expat blogger with his own opinions and thoughts on the matter and treat me as such! "
2019-nCoV fatalities far lower than H1N1, Ebola. 	The fatality rate of confirmed novel coronavirus-related pneumonia cases in China was 2.1 percent as of Monday night, far below previous international outbreaks of H1N1 flu, MERS and Ebola viruses, Chinese officials said.The death rate for this novel coronavirus epidemic is around 2.1 percent in China, much lower than other epidemics, and since Saturday, we have seen more people recovering from the disease than dying from it, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying made the remarks on Tuesday's online media briefing. The death rate from the 2009 H1N1 flu in the US was 17.4 percent, and the 2012 MERS death rate was 34.4 percent, while the number for Ebola was 40.4 percent.However, the fatality rate of confirmed novel coronavirus cases in Wuhan was 4.9 percent, significantly higher than the national rate of 2.1 percent, the Chinese National Health Commission (NHC) said at a press conference on Tuesday, explaining that the gap was due to the fact that Wuhan's early treatment capacity was way below demand.There were only three designated hospitals to treat severe novel coronavirus-related pneumonia patients in Wuhan at the early stages, with only 110 beds which were far from enough, said Jiao Yahui, an official with the NHC. Apart from the designated hospitals, patients infected with novel coronavirus were distributed in more than 20 medical institutions across the city, lacking unified management and efficient distribution of high-quality medical resources, causing a relatively high fatality rate, Jiao said.The shortage of medical supplies in the fight against the novel coronavirus is still very prominent at the frontline, especially the shortage of medical protective suits and N95 masks, the commission confirmed. The number of medical personnel dispatched to Wuhan in efforts to combat the outbreak is expected to reach 10,000 in total by Wednesday, Jiao said.A total of 15,000 fever clinics and 2,092 designated hospitals were set up across the mainland to fight the epidemic, meeting basic needs of patients, except for Hubei, center of the epidemic. More than 3,000 medical staff from major hospitals in a dozen of provinces will be dispatched to take over the newly designated inpatient wards in Wuhan that receive critical patients suffering from the virus, Jiao said.Global Times
Helping The others Realize The Advantages Of corona virus equine. 	Helping The others Realize The Advantages Of corona virus equine Helping The others Realize The Advantages Of corona virus equine Carona Virus protection The parainfluenza vaccine received’t protect against the spread with the disease, but it is going to Restrict the severity of an an infection. The vaccination is A part of a mix vaccine named canine distemper-measles-parainfluenza shots and DHPP photographs.Also take into account possessing your dog vaccinated for the coronavirus. This is often an intestinal disease that can result in a number of uncomfortable Unwanted side effects within your Puppy. There isn't any genuine treatment if this is contracted, so vaccination can help you save your Puppy from many Useless suffering.“Ministry of Exterior Affairs is disseminating travel advisory (in area languages) to Indian Embassies in China and adjoining international locations for wider circulation and passenger information and facts,” the well being Ministry said in a statement.Human coronaviruses are frequent through the earth. 7 diverse coronaviruses, that researchers know of, can infect people today and make them sick. Some human coronaviruses have been recognized a few years ago and some are already discovered just lately.FIP is deadly in a lot more than 95 percent of conditions. In mild cases from the dry kind, it may be attainable to prolong the survival period, but most cats While using the wet method of the disease die in two months from the onset of signals.The CDC mentioned that it's been proactively getting ready for the introduction of coronavirus into America for months. The company has alerted clinicians to generally be on the lookout for sufferers who have respiratory symptoms and also a background of travel to Wuhan.If the animal has experienced from serious diarrhea it's typical to generally be prescribed medication to stop this affliction. As well as protectors with the intestinal mucosa that can help the dog to Get well additional rapidly.“There is not any stress nevertheless. Plenty Corona Virus Cure of the flights to China are majorly a transit for other destinations from India,” one of the officials reported.There are two forms of rabies: furious and paralytic. The moment a Pet dog is infected with rabies he will show slight nervous units abnormalities. A couple of days later on the Canine will both die immediately or development to either the furious or paralytic phase of infection.*If content on this webpage Corona Virus Cure is inaccessible, and you require the data in another structure, stop by the DHHS Applications web site for assistance.This phenomenon was also observed in The 2 strains of HCoV-HKU1 located in France using this location from the genome characterized Germ Masks [35]. Even though the purpose of the ATR just isn't regarded, these tandem copies of ATR have made the nsp3 Corona virus masks of HCoV-HKU1 the longest nsp3 amongst all coronaviruses with comprehensive genomes out there.Feline infectious peritonitis (FIP) is really a viral disease in cats which carries a high mortality resulting from its characteristic aggressiveness and nonresponsiveness to fever, along with other complications. This disease is comparatively high in multi-cat homes compared to These with an individual cat.Did client zero Germ Masks definitely capture new Chinese virus by consuming infected bat soup? It’s actually correctly achievableLinking to some non-federal website won't constitute an endorsement by CDC or any of its staff on the sponsors or the knowledge and products and solutions introduced on the web site.
Manila Corona Virus Feb 8: We are screwed. 	Philippines Suspected nCoV cases rise to 178 Mayen Jaymalin (The Philippine Star) - February 7, 2020 - 12:00am MANILA, Philippines — The number of persons under investigation (PUIs) for the 2019-novel coronavirus acute respiratory disease (2019 nCoV ARD) continues to soar, but it is expected to drop dramatically within the next two months, according to the Department of Health (DOH). At a press conference yesterday, Health Secretary Francisco Duque III reported that the total number of PUIs nationwide had reached 178 as of yesterday. “Of the total 178 PUIs, 147 are admitted in hospitals, 10 have refused admission and 16 have already been discharged under strict monitoring,” Duque said. The health chief further noted that of the total number of PUIs, 84 have tested negative for the virus while laboratory test on samples taken from 127 PUIs are still pending. He said the DOH is now coordinating with the Philippine National Police (PNP) in requiring asymptomatic PUIs to be admitted in health facilities. “We are working with the PNP to compel these PUIs refusing admission to agree to undergo isolation and testing,” he added. Duque stressed that identifying all the PUIs tested and confined is necessary to stop the threat of the potentially deadly virus. Meanwhile, DOH officials are discussing with public cemeteries the possibility of burying the remains of the Chinese national who died due to the nCoV. Private crematories have refused to cremate the victim. “I have instructed the San Lazaro Hospital to coordinate with public cemeteries if they can just bury the corpse, because based on information, they don’t have cremation there,” Duque said. The government, he added, also needs to coordinate with the Chinese government since the initial agreement was for the remains to be cremated. Decline in 1-2 months Despite the increase, the number of PUIs for possible infection of the deadly virus is expected to drop in one to two months, according to the DOH. “We see a drop in cases in one to two months since we have already stopped the entry of travelers from China,” Health Undersecretary Eric Domingo said yesterday. “Since there are no more travelers coming from China, we will just be monitoring those who are already here and the number of the PUIs will start to drop,” Domingo added. The DOH official assured the public that all government and private hospitals with isolation rooms nationwide are ready and capable to admit suspected nCoV patients. He added that any hospital that would not admit PUIs or confirmed nCoV patients face losing its license to operate. “It’s part of their licensing requirement, for big hospitals to have isolation rooms and capability to treat infectious illnesses. If they can’t do that, their licenses can be revoked,” Domingo said. Even the Philippine Health Insurance Corp. (PhilHealth) can cancel the accreditation of a hospital for refusing to accept patients needing treatment for nCoV. Domingo also noted that concerned government agencies are continuously tracing people who made contact with the three confirmed cases of nCoV infection in the country. The government, he said, is also undertaking the necessary preparations for the repatriation of Filipinos from China. He added that repatriates would be tested before boarding the plane from their origin and upon arrival in the country. Meanwhile, the second Filipina household service worker (HSW) in Hong Kong quarantined following exposure to her nCoV-positive employer is healthy and asymptomatic , according to the Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA). The Philippine consulate general in Hong Kong verified with local health authorities that the Filipina was quarantined. “The consulate general reported that, just like the first case, the Filipina is healthy and asymptomatic but needs to undergo 14-day quarantine based on Hong Kong’s protocol,” the DFA said. Consul General Ray Tejada confirmed that the Filipina is the employee of a 39-year-old man, the first nCoV casualty in Hong Kong, who died of heart failure last Tuesday, according to reports. The DFA assured the public that the government has a vigilant and tested plan to ensure the health and welfare of Filipinos domestically and overseas amid concerns brought about by the nCoV outbreak. – With Pia Lee-Brago, Janvic Mateo The DFA continues to work closely with relevant government agencies to extend immediate assistance to Filipinos quarantined abroad. “We urge our countrymen in affected areas worldwide to abide by the guidelines of host countries and take the necessary personal precautions to ensure their health and safety,” the DFA said. Schools’ alert system An alert system first operationalized during the threat of the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) in 2003 will be activated in public schools nationwide as a precautionary measure against the nCoV. In a memorandum issued on Tuesday night, Education Secretary Leonor Briones directed school heads to operationalize the Preventive Alert System in Schools (PASS), which aims to monitor the health of students, teachers and other personnel. It seeks to establish a systematic relay of information on the state of health of a child or teacher to appropriate personnel or agencies in the locality. Former education secretary Edilberto de Jesus first operationalized PASS during the SARS outbreak in 2003. Under the system, students will be tapped to observe the wellbeing of their classmates and request them to report possible illnesses to teachers for validation. Teachers will also conduct early morning health inspections to detect the presence of fever and other signs and symptoms of infection. “The teacher shall keenly observe the health status of each learner in the classroom. If the teacher finds out that a learner is sick, this case will be reported immediately to the school head,” the guidelines of the Department of Education (DepEd) read. This sounded suspicious to me. So I checked all arrivals today Feb 8 from China just at the Manila NAIA Airport. I have not checked any other airport. Guangzhou (CAN)China Southern AirlinesCZ3077 arrives 22:30 Nanning (NNG)Royal Air CharterRW411 arrived 01:30 this morning Guangzhou (CAN)China Southern AirlinesCZ8493 arrived 03:45 this morning Hangzhou (HGH)YTO CargoYG9041 04:00 arrived this morning Guangzhou (CAN)Philippines AirAsiaZ2139 arrived this morning 05:50 Shanghai (PVG)Philippines AirAsiaZ219 arrived this morning 07:20 Guangzhou (CAN)China Southern AirlinesCZ3091 10:50 Yet in the same breath they claim that all flights from china are banned This ONLY NAIA arrivals TODAY. https://www.philstar.com/headlines/2020/02/07/1991082/suspected-ncov-cases-rise-178?fbclid=IwAR1gPKDzUnvhhgecOHl4s96LTi-BimOe2KSnRSg2K7cPVOLBRknavs4ARE4 We. Are. So. Fucking. Screwed. Update: Three cruise ships with sick passengers quarantined. News reports sketchy about the one in Hong Kong, but it is World Dream cruises. 10 sick. They were turned away from Japan, now in HK under quarantine. this is the ship with a reported 700 passengers disembark and walk around in Manila a few days ago. But hey, the gov here says it will end soon. The outright lies is breath taking in the gov. Comments sections of the news are full of anti-Duterte sentiment. His administration has been losing moral authority rapidly. Oddly still in align with the Philippines trend of jailing every other president if he is removed. The AFP has been strongly aligned with the US even if the various elected officials have not. Unknown to most Americans is that large numbers of Filipino officers have been trained in the US, AND large numbers of Filipino police generals have been trained by the FBI in Los Angeles. Much of the hospitality the Americans have given will be remembered. 
ABS-CBN Posts “Fake News” About Teddy Locsin on 2019 nCoV?. 	"Social Media Did ABS-CBN really post “fake news” about DFA Secretary Teddy Locsin?
Thinking Pinoy, a popular social media account that tackles politics accused ABS-CBN of posting “fake news” about the Department of Foreign Affairs Secretary Teddy Locsin, Jr.
According to the post, ABS-CBN released a news article earlier this day, February 5, reporting that Sec. Locsin said this: “This is a plot of the United States and the West to destroy China by first destroying itself.”
The said statement from the Secretary was quoted during the senate hearing on the 2019 novel coronavirus. Apparently, that showed that Locsin was “accusing the United States of engineering a bioweapon against China.”
However, Thinking Pinoy slammed this and showed what was the real statement of the DFA Secretary. According to the post, Locsin stated: “Again, this is a plot of the United States and the West to destroy China by first destroying itself. This is really clever.”
Then, the netizen pointed out that “Sarcasm was created to confuse the Stupid.” In addition, he elaborated on an incident wherein Senator Tito Sotto asked Sec. Teddy Locsin to react to the viral video alleging that either China or the US developed the 2019 novel coronavirus as a bio-weapon. Photo courtesy of Thinking Pinoy FB
It was said that Locsin called the video as the “craziest” he has ever seen. “Locsin basically said if China did it, then why would it test the virus on its own people? And if the US did it, then why would the US even entertain the possibility of 2019-nCoV spreading on US soil?” Thinking Pinoy said. In addition, the post stated that the DFA Secretary already dismissed the conspiracy theory.
ABS-CBN already took down the said news article but Thinking Pinoy showed the link to the archive and he said that the network has not issued an erratum as of the writing."
Protect Yourself from the Corona Virus!. 	"Your Czar is concerned with your health, and naturally has asked his Czarist Imperial Surgeon’s Office to prepare a bullet point list on how you can best protect yourself against the Corona virus, which is known as the Zombie Deer, Zika, Killer Flu, MERS, H1N1A, or more commonly, Ebola. Corona has now killed over 500 trillion people in your neighborhood today alone, particularly in the Americas somewhere. Do not be one of the statistics, and do not even read the statistics. Avoid places where Corona is known to congregate, such as door knobs. If you see Corona on the ground, do not pick it up. Avoid eating Corona or place Corona near your mouth. Under no circumstances should Corona be inserting anything up your nose. Do not open the door for Corona. Do not believe its lies. If someone shows up at your door, even if it’s your sister, it could be Corona. Call the police immediately. If Corona calls on the phone, do not attempt to engage it in conversation (especially if he has a Chinese Haitian Liberian Chinese accent). Hang up and call the police. Experts recommend changing your phone number frequently to minimize calls from Corona. If you see Corona hanging around a playground or school, run out and scream warnings to the kids to get inside. Watching television is the safest activity for kids during this crisis. If you see or hear anyone talking about Corona, it could be an invasion. Call the Army and tell them to start shelling. If you see something worrisome, say something worrisome. Do not pet the mice. Actually, this is more true for the Hanta virus, but you can’t play it too safe. Posted in Uncategorized permalink About The Czar of Muscovy
The Czar was born in the steppes of Russia in 1267, and was cheated out of total control of all Russia upon the death of Boris Mikhailovich, who replaced Alexander Yaroslav Nevsky in 1263. However, in 1283, our Czar was passed over due to a clerical error and the rule of all Russia went to his second cousin Daniil, whom Czar still resents. As a half-hearted apology, the Czar was awarded control over Muscovy, inconveniently located 5,000 miles away just outside Chicago. He now spends his time seething about this and writing about other stuff that bothers him."
Corona virus 'not a global emergency' say top WHO experts. 	"China praised for reaction to disease outbreak
Top officials from the World Health Organization, or WHO, said on Thursday that the new coronavirus that has affected hundreds of people globally is not yet a global health emergency.
The briefing came after the WHO Emergency Committee spent a second day discussing the topic, but the committee concluded that it is still too early to declare a public health emergency of international concern, given the restrictive and binary nature of the outbreak.
As it had been on Wednesday, the committee remained divided over the decision to determine the status of the outbreak.
""I am not declaring a public health emergency of international concern today,"" said WHO Director General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus.
""Make no mistake. This is an emergency in China, but it has not yet become a global health emergency. WHO's risk assessment is that the outbreak is a very high risk in China, and a high risk regionally and globally.""
The WHO said it would continue to review and support efforts to investigate the animal source of the new coronavirus outbreak, the extent of person-to-person transmission, and the screening efforts in other provinces of China.
According to the committee, the new virus, which is now named 2019-nCoV, can cause severe disease, and can kill, although for most people, it causes milder symptoms. It is understood that among those infected, one-quarter of patients have experienced severe disease. Most of those who have died had underlying health conditions such as hypertension, diabetes or cardiovascular disease that had weakened their immune systems.
There is human-to-human transmission in China, but for now it appears limited to family groups and health workers caring for infected patients, WHO officials said. There is no evidence of human-to-human transmission outside China, but that might happen.
As of yet, there is little information regarding the original source of this virus, its clinical features, its severity and how easily it spreads.
For the moment, the WHO does not recommend any broader restrictions on travel or trade but advises exit screening at airports as part of a comprehensive set of containment measures.
Ghebreyesus again paid tribute to China's cooperation in the process, saying ""This new coronavirus outbreak was detected because China had put in place a system specifically to pick up severe lower respiratory infections. It was that system that caught this event."" "
New Record High, What Corona Virus?. 	"I update each Saturday with my view of the stock market for the next few weeks (if occupied with family or travel, rarely I am a day or two late, just check back). The monthly “Long Term” update will be on a Wednesday soon after the 15 th of each month, and this supports investors who want to buy and hold, but want to sell to avoid the bulk of a primary bear market, and buy back in for most of the next bull market. You can always scroll down a few weeks and find the latest “Long Term” update.
If you lose your bookmark to the blog, google “Rich Investing” and it should show up on the first page or so. The more often you google it and hit the link, the higher it will show in your results.
Economy: Factory orders rose 1.8% in December. The ISM said the non-manufacturing index rose to a six-month high of 55.5% in January. The four-week average of jobless claims dropped by 3,000 to 211,750. The U.S. created a robust 225,000 new jobs in January, and for the last three months it has accelerated from last summer and fall.
The economy looks like it is picking up from a sluggish 2019. The key for the stock market will be whether this translates to better earnings, since they were flat in 2019. It is a sign of hope for 2020.
Geo-Political: Market action is being dominated by earnings season and the Corona virus . The market had a hard one day selloff the week before last, followed by a recovery in the week just ended. It seems the market thought it had over-reacted. I think we are still at the point where we don’t know how this thing is going to go. In the past week, the number of reported cases worldwide jumped from 10K to 30K and the death toll has hit 700. Thirty countries report cases, but by the time you include China, Russia, India, the US, Canada, England, Germany, you have covered the majority of the populated land mass of the world. Africa and S. America have not reported cases yet.
Let’s also look at the ongoing Fed involvement in the repo market , which many view skeptically.
Dec. 7, 2019 – Initially, the central bank rolled out roughly $75 billion in daily lending facilities to arm Wall Street’s core set of primary dealers with low-cost overnight loans to keep the roughly $1 trillion daily U.S. Treasury repo market running.
The facilities allow banks to snap up loans by pledging safe-haven U.S. Treasurys or agency mortgage-backed securities with the New York Fed, but crucially without the typical risk-based pricing that lenders regularly charge when funding each other.
The goal was to keep banks flush as they deal with month-end funding issues, corporate tax payments, and the deluge of Treasury debt being sold by the federal government to fund its deficit.
Shortly thereafter, former New York Fed markets group head Brian Sack, coauthored an article saying that the Fed could get a better control of overnight rates if it were to boost banking system reserves by purchasing $250 billion of Treasury debt.
But the Fed’s total support already has eclipsed that threshold with the expansion of daily operations, the introduction of longer-term loans, and its balance sheet expansion through monthly T-bill purchases.
“ This is now far bigger than anyone thought this was going to be,” Bianco said. “I think they’re hoping the market will magically fix itself. I don’t see why it would .”
Amid sustained clamor for Fed funding, the central bank in the last two weeks said it would increase two longer-term facilities to help carry borrowers through any year-end turbulence.
“The Fed really hasn’t figured out the problem,” said Bryce Doty, a senior portfolio manager at Sit Fixed Income in Minneapolis. “But they kind of have created their own problem.”
By that, Doty meant the Fed’s rescue operations have worked in terms of supplying banks with quick and cheap funding, but less so when it comes to luring them back to funding each other.
“The big banks are just hoarding cash,” he said. “They told the Fed they have more than enough cash in excess reserves to meet regulatory issues, but they prefer having money at the Fed where they can still earn 1.55%, rather than in the repo market.”
J.P. Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon said bank regulations were a factor in September’s repo crisis while speaking on the bank’s third-quarter earnings conference call, and in other recent forums he warned that short-term lending rates could again soar without more “permanent fixes,” while avoiding an express call for rule changes .
In Congressional testimony on Wednesday, Randal Quarles, the Federal Reserve’s point man on banking supervision appeared to side with Dimon, saying the existing regulatory framework “may have created some incentives” that contributed to recent repo funding stress.
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-repo-market-is-broken-and-fed-injections-are-not-a-lasting-solution-market-pros-warn-2019-12-04
There is a lot there, and I have no banking background, so take anything I say with a grain of salt. But like you, whether I have all the banking background I would like, I must deal with this situation and try to understand it, and how it might impact me. So, here goes.
Banks typically use the repo market to get access to cash by pledging collateral they hold, especially Treasury bonds. Other banks will lend them the money short term, with the bonds held as collateral. At the end of the term, the borrowing bank will repurchase the bonds that were used as collateral. A short term spike in rates occurred in Sept. because banks that typically lend money to other banks cut back on the amount they were able or willing to put into the repo market, and the remaining lenders demanded higher interest rates for their scarce money.
Several options exist for why banks suddenly became unwilling to lend in the repo market.
Maybe they were out of cash, or out of cash to lend. The article points out the “deluge of Treasury debt being sold by the federal government”. It is possible that the impact of annual deficits exceeding $1 trillion is being felt in the banking system. They allude to the “regulatory framework”, and it is known that the banks would like to throw off the reserve requirements enacted by the Dodd-Frank legislation that followed the financial crisis in 2008. They may have the cash at the bank, but may not be able to deploy it because they would no longer be able comply with Dodd-Frank. Or this could be an excuse to get the congress to give them regulatory relief. We know this is not the issue since the banks have excess cash beyond the regulatory requirements, but prefer to place it at the Fed earning a safe 1.5%, rather than take any risk in the repo market is rates there are inadequate to compensate them for the additional risk they take. The banks could be seeing credit worthiness issues at banks wanting loans in the repo market and won’t lend to them. That happened in the financial crisis and caused the insolvency of several institutions that were then sold for pennies on the dollar. That may not be a problem, but if it was, nobody will tell us before they must, because it would cause a panic and the bankers hate that. The problems in the financial crisis were well known for months but the public was not informed until it actually blew up. I don’t expect this is the problem, but one must consider all the possibilities when you know the officials are perfectly happy to keep you in the dark when there is a problem brewing. I am a fiscal conservative and trillion-dollar-a-year deficits bother me. I worry that this imbalance of debt will ripple into the economy and cause bigger problems. Should the Fed use unusual means to float the obscene US debt, or let the market deal with the situation? Dealing with it would mean letting interest rates rise to levels that people would be willing to buy the bonds, instead of having the Fed buy the bonds. Of course if interest rates were allowed to rise naturally to levels where individuals would want to buy the bonds, it would slow down the economy, and probably cause a recession. The question becomes, is it the job of the Fed to prevent all recessions? The answer is “no”. We have had recessions, such as 1981, where the Fed raised interest rates very high to kill persistent high inflation. The recession was painful, but high inflation was killed and it set the stage for 20 years of growth without inflation. Sometimes you only have a choice between a bad option and a worse option and you have to pick the one that is the least bad. When the Fed artificially props up the economy and does not allow minor recessions to occur, when it no longer can sustain the artificiality in the economy, my experience says that the resulting recession is bigger and worse than normal recessions. I don’t think it is around the corner, but I also do not like all the artificial props I see in today’s economy.
Forgive me for my length on the repo market, but it is complex and none of us know a great deal about it, for sure not in any detail. So, I read and try to educate myself as we go, and I will share what I find with you. Is the problem Dodd-Frank, or is the problem the size of the US deficit and the bankers are using it as an excuse to get the Dodd-Frank regulations eliminated?
Technical Analysis: The market was up 3% for the week after closing at a new record high on the S&P on Thursday.
Technically the market looks good, having recovered from its two week correction. RSI at the top of the chart moved up and closed in the upper part of the neutral range at 60. Momentum shown by MACD at the bottom of the chart looks like it has formed a base and started to move sideways, and improvement over its recent fall. The price action is positive, climbing back up into the more quickly ascending channel formed by the two black lines. The faster rising black channel started in October. Is it a coincidence that it started right after the Fed began injecting cash to support the repo market lending activity? The Fed continues to inject cash and expand its balance sheet to support the repo market, but why does it need to do this now when economic times are good.
I went by Factset and the earnings for Q4 that are being reported now are up .7% over the same quarter last year. That is not good, but it is beating the -1% that was estimated earlier. The current earnings estimate for Q1 and Q2 is now +2.5 – 5%. Previously the estimates were +5% and +6% for Q1 and Q2, so the estimates have come down, probably on account of the Corona virus. That will not be good for the market down the road.
Click THIS LINK to open the chart in a separate window.
What am I doing? The market has wanted to go up regardless of what I think. The impeachment is over, the China trade deal Phase 1 is signed, so everything is OK, right? I am making some small purchases and I have some lowball buy orders out there in case of a pullback. I picked up a little XOM at 61. I am starting to buy stocks that will benefit from the 5G communications transformation, like QCOM and SWKS, and I bought a little TSM. Only SWKS does not pay a dividend. I would like to buy more on a correction as 5G should be a growth market for 3 years.
If you enjoy these updates, please tell your friends and family who are interested in the stock market about this blog.
Your comments and questions are always appreciated, so feel free to comment using the “Leave a Comment” feature just under the title of the post, or send me an email, my address is on the “About” page at the top of the blog.
You can use the hyperlink below the chart of the S&P that will open a larger picture of the chart in a separate window . The reader who suggested this wants to look at the chart side-by-side with the blog text so he can look at the chart while reading the text. To do this in Firefox you can open a “private window” from the browser menu and have two instances of Firefox up, then size each window to about half of your monitor size. If you bookmark the link to the chart you can look at it each day of the week to see how the market is progressing to certain milestones. The picture in this post is a static .jpg so it does not update, but if you bookmark the link to the live chart on stockcharts and look at that daily, it does update.
Rich Comeau, Rich Investing"
How Close Are You To Corona Virus?. 	" My daughter told me that J and I had been in the Seattle Airport the day the first US corona virus victim arrived from China. (He's doing fine now.) And today I learned that the plane with US citizens being evacuated from Wuhan, the center of the outbreak, stopped in Anchorage on the way to their destination in California. These two bits of information don't cause me to worry or run out and buy a face mask, but they do highlight that in today's world we aren't as far away from things as we sometimes think. And if we consider that the flu pandemic of 1918 and 1919, it seems to have spread around the world in an era when airplanes were small and transoceanic passengers went by ship. At the moment, we know little about this illness. Here's what the CDC (US Center for Disease Control) says about risk assessment: ""Risk Assessment Outbreaks of novel virus infections among people are always of public health concern. The risk from these outbreaks depends on characteristics of the virus, including whether and how well it spreads between people, the severity of resulting illness, and the medical or other measures available to control the impact of the virus (for example, vaccine or treatment medications). This is a serious public health threat. The fact that this virus has caused severe illness and sustained person-to-person spread in China is concerning, but it’s unclear how the situation in the United States will unfold at this time. The risk to individuals is dependent on exposure. At this time, some people will have an increased risk of infection, for example healthcare workers caring for 2019-nCoV patients and other close contacts. For the general American public, who are unlikely to be exposed to this virus, the immediate health risk from 2019-nCoV is considered low."" (emphasis added) The CDC site gives a lot more information you might find interesting, such as: ""Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses that are common in many different species of animals, including camels, cattle, cats, and bats. Rarely, animal coronaviruses can infect people and then spread between people such as with MERS and SARS. CDC and Customs and Border Protection (CBP) are continuing to conduct enhanced entry screening of passengers who have been in Wuhan within the past 14 days at 5 designated U.S. airports. Given travel out of Wuhan has been shut down, the number of passengers who meet this criteria are dwindling. Going forward, CBP officials will monitor for travelers with symptoms compatible with 2019-nCoV infection and a travel connection with China and will refer them to CDC staff for evaluation at all 20 U.S. quarantine stations."" Of course, screening travelers requires travelers to be forthcoming about where they have been and whether they've had any symptoms. Meanwhile, while you worry about coronavirus, remember to look both ways before crossing the street, put your phone away while you're driving, and follow all the common rules that will prevent you from getting hurt or sick or from dying from more common every day risks. Unintentional injuries are the #1 cause of death among people ages 1 to 44 Motor vehicle crashes and drowning consistently rank as top causes of unintentional death in this age group Males 35-44 are nearly three times more likely to die in a motor vehicle crash than females 97% to 99% of injuries are caused by our own errors and mistakes"
How China's Corona Virus Outbreak Could Threaten the Global Economy . 	" The outbreak of a fatal disease in China has clouded growth prospects for the world's second largest economy and raised fears about the global outlook if the mysterious corona virus spreads or worsens. Financial markets across Asia declined Thursday, led by a sharp drop in stocks in China as investors thought about the possible effects of the corona virus. The extent of its severity has become more apparent in the past two days when Chinese officials reported an increase in cases and an increase in the number of deaths to at least 26. On Thursday, officials extended the restrictions on movement in and out of Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak, to two nearby cities that are home to millions more The uncertainty affected Chinese life immediately before the New Year holidays – usually a time of travel, shopping and giving – which starts on Friday. Train stations and airports were suppressed when travelers changed their week-long vacation plans and postponed seven of the holiday season's most anticipated movie openings. The Forbidden City in Beijing – China's most popular tourist attraction – announced without further information that it will be closed on Saturday. Many people in China and around the world currently think that could this new virus do the same damage as the SARS epidemic that killed 800 people in 2003? Beyond China, the question is critical as the Chinese economy has been one of the strongest growth drivers in the world for years. Stumbling in China could affect jobs and growth in other countries. China's growth in 2003 briefly declined during the peak of SARS, but experienced an upswing at a time when global companies were building Chinese factories and exporting more and more goods abroad. China's economy is larger today, but has been growing the slowest in almost three decades. It's dealing with issues like the trade war with the United States and a campaign to dissuade local governments and businesses from their addiction to credit. It is also more important that consumers like 29-year-old Mo Chen cut their vacation travel plans to stay on the safe side. In 2003, transport, retail and hospitality were the sectors most affected. Ms. Mo, who works for an Internet company in Shanghai, was looking forward to going home to meet her family in Xiangyang, Hubei Province, just under 200 miles from Wuhan. Given the outbreak, she and her brother, who lives in Hangzhou City, decided not to go home. It will be the first time that Ms. Mo has not spent the new lunar year with her parents. She is now planning to get supplies and stay at home, not even meeting friends or going to the movies. She also intends to skip a trip to the mall to buy new outfits since no one will be there to see how she is wearing it. Her brother meanwhile plans to buy pots and pans. ""He never cooks,"" she said. “He always eats either in the canteen or in the company. But our mother asked us last night to stock up on food and not to cook at home. "" The impact is not yet clear. The authorities appear to be responding to this outbreak faster than in 2003, but China's censors are deleting anything that deviates from the official report. The new corona virus appears to be less deadly than SARS, but it is difficult to detect and the authorities only started to restrict the movement out of Wuhan after many people left for their vacation trips. ""It will depend on how China remains transparent to the international community,"" said Peter Levesque, managing director of Modern Terminals, a Hong Kong port operator. ""That's all the business can ask for. The rest are unknown."" Wuhan is essential for trade in its China region, although the economic impact there is likely to be subdued as the holidays begin. The city is a major national transportation hub and has developed into an automotive manufacturing center, with factories manufacturing cars for General Motors, Honda and many others, as well as dozens of auto parts manufacturers. However, the impact on people across the country could be a more important factor. In the long run, China wants consumers to spend more. Beijing has tried to develop a consumer culture similar to that of the United States, so that China's economy is less dependent on large construction and infrastructure projects, which are often government-funded. But this shift is making China more vulnerable to events that frightened customers. The mood of Chinese consumers was already bad. Families watched grocery prices rise last year, largely due to the outbreak of a pig disease that depleted much of China's pork supply. Save more families than they spend and worry about the future. ""We will likely see much less domestic activity than we normally do this time of year,"" said Julian Evans-Pritchard, a leading Chinese economist at Capital Economics. ""The concern is that it encourages people to cancel their travel plans and it comes at a crucial time in terms of vacation travel and spending,"" he said. The disease occurred in one of the busiest seasons of the year. According to Maoyan, an Alibaba ticket service, box office sales during New Year's holidays last year hit a record $ 860 million in the first six days of vacation. New spending records will be harder to achieve this year. Among the film debuts that were postponed on Thursday was “Boonie Bears: The Wild Life,” a cartoon about clever bears colliding with an unfortunate lumberjack. In a message to fans on their social media account, the production company wrote: ""We do not want audience friends to take health risks"" and added that they did not want to see the epidemic spread further. "" Other companies in some parts of China have been temporarily closed. Major airlines, including Hong Kong's flagship Cathay Pacific, have restricted flights to Wuhan. The companies asked employees to wear masks and not to travel. Companies that still offered services cautioned. Didi Chuxing, China's equivalent to Uber, sent a message to passengers saying, ""Because of the virus, both drivers and passengers should wear face masks to ensure everyone's health and safety."" Hong Kong, the semi-autonomous Chinese city hit by protests against Beijing, could suffer another blow. After more than six months of protests against the government, the region is already in an economic recession. ""Looking at these industries, the retail industry, and local businesses, the protest has left sad marks last year,"" said Tara Joseph, president of the American Chamber of Commerce in Hong Kong. ""This would just be an extra kick in the teeth that you don't need."" ""It is too early to panic,"" she added. Cao Li contributed to the research. "
A virus called Corona. 	"Scientists are hoping to find a cure for respiratory illnesses by studying a virus’s mechanism of action — tracking it as it enters host cells and replicates inside them
What is life? One way of looking at this question is by asking what we consider as living beings. We could claim that a living organism is something that is capable of replicating itself, that is, giving birth to new copies of itself. By this way of looking at life, many things emerge as living — animals, plants and humans.
Then the simplest such organism is surely also the smallest, one made up of the least number of molecules? In this quest for the smallest replicating being, we could start at the level of single molecules and ask if there is any molecule that has the capacity to replicate itself. The short answer is no. The long answer is a story for another day.
Working up from here we can ask if a collection of a few molecules can find a way to reproduce itself. But first let us ponder a situation where, many millions of years ago, a few molecules capable of reproducing, but only when working in tandem, came together just by accident on the face of this Earth or deep inside its oceans. What would happen next is that, just by virtue of being able to replicate itself, this set of molecules — or form of life — would begin to take over the world. It could only be restrained by a competition for resources. The competition could come from another set of molecules — another life form competing for exactly the same molecules to build itself.
Two such groups of organisms arose millions of years ago on Earth, and they occasionally compete still: Bacteria and viruses. Viruses are the smaller of the two and can only replicate inside the cells of another living organism. In fact, they must hijack the machinery of another cell to reproduce themselves. This raises an interesting question. What arose first in evolution — the more complex organism or the simpler one that feeds off it?
How does a virus do it? Its first task is to enter the innards of a cell. Is a full entry required or will the insertion of only a part of the virus suffice? Different viruses have, over many millennia, evolved different strategies. In these strategies are contained the mysteries of their success and their virulence. It is the act of entering a cell that determines how infectious a virus is capable of being in its present avatar.
Cells — of bacteria, birds, pigs, dogs, humans and so on — are all contained inside an outer layer of molecules protecting the insides, much like the water inside a water-filled balloon is held in shape by the rubbery material of the balloon itself. The protective membranes of cells are made up of a multitude of molecules — fats, sugars and proteins — performing complex functions protecting the insides and regulating the entry and exit of myriad molecules. Numerous molecules stick outside of this membrane, sensing the flow of signals in the outside world. Some stick inside the cell to pass on messages. Many molecules do both.
To be successful a virus must find entry into a cell. Viruses have evolved molecules sticking out of their own surfaces that can dock on to the receptor molecules jutting out of cell membranes, to mediate entry inside animal cells. The more such receptors a virus can use to attach and enter, the more species it will be able to infect. From here on the virus proceeds to hijack its host cell into making many copies of itself.
Now copies are hard to make. Try making a copy of an object, any object, and you will see that the replica is never a perfect one. Now this fact is a most dangerous one when living cells in multicellular organisms such as humans try to replicate, for they must ensure that their DNA — wherein lies their code of life — is replicated as flawlessly as possible. The failure to do so can result in rogue cells that grow out of control at the cost of the entire organism’s health. Cancer is one such condition.
But such constraints do not hold in the case of unicellular organisms. Many viruses, in fact, have a replication machinery that is quite prone to error, leading to numerous variants within every replicant pool, each of which shall again multiply to produce many other variants. Such a swarm of viruses can quickly yield variants that have adapted to infect newer cell types in an altogether new species.
Coronaviruses are one such viral group that infect many different species. Particularly lethal variants emerge occasionally. The epidemics of SARS and MERS in the recent past were caused by coronaviruses. A new one has just raised its head and is spreading fast.
One of the unique things about coronaviruses is that they have so-called spike proteins sticking out of their coats, one part of which uses ubiquitous sugar molecules on the surfaces of most cells to infect them, and the other evolves very rapidly, ‘trying’ to find matches to protein receptors. Once such a match is found the virus can jump to infect a new cell type and, often, a new species. A third part of this spike protein then fuses the virus through the cell membrane. In fact, the presence of multiple species of animals packed in close quarters in farms, breeding centres for industrial-scale production of meat as well as local markets, likely allows the virus to repeatedly migrate between species, continuously acquiring new genetic variations before moving on.
No cure is known for the respiratory illness caused by the coronaviruses, but an understanding of its mechanism of action, from entering host cells to replicating successfully inside them, is being used by scientists to try and find a cure to this and other viruses. We can imagine the form of such cures despite the technical difficulties of achieving them. Specially designed small molecules could block the spike protein surfaces of the current coronavirus and render it incapable of infecting its human hosts. Or, perhaps, a molecule could block a key viral enzyme whilst having no effect on human molecules.
Until, of course, a mutant emerges, against which this particular drug is ineffective.
Such is the nature of a rapidly evolving viral storm. Even errors have their uses. Such is life."
Lagos builds biobank to tackle Lassa fever, Corona virus, others. 	"The newly built Lagos State Level 3 Biosafety Laboratory also known as the Lagos Biobank has commenced operation.
The facility located in the Lagos Infectious Disease Hospital has the capacity to process, rapidly identify and store samples of infectious diseases such as Ebola, Lassa Fever, novel Coronavirus amongst others.
During a visit to the facility at the weekend, the State Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi said the new facility located within the premises of the Mainland Hospital, Yaba and the Lagos Infectious Disease Hospital, was built by the state government with support from the Canadian government to ensure effective management of infectious diseases.
“With this facility, which is the highest and most functional biosafety, biobanking laboratory in Nigeria and West Africa, Lagos is prepared to tackle and contain any possible outbreak of emerging infectious diseases, novel and highly infectious pathogens,” he stated.
The Commissioner who also inspected other facilities at Mainland Hospital including infectious disease wards, isolation wards, quarantine units and proposed sites for expansion of isolation wards and mini emergency operation centre expressed satisfaction at the level of preparedness of the infectious disease hospital and the bio-security unit for possible disease outbreak.
Abayomi while giving an update on the level of preparedness of Lagos State against the raging novel Corona Virus in South East Asia and Lassa fever outbreak in some states in Nigeria disclosed that the Ministry of Health is working closely with other agencies of the Federal Government including National Centre for Disease Control and Ports Health to strengthen surveillance in the State.
The Commissioner urged citizens to adopt and practice high standard of personal and environmental hygiene including regular hand washing, covering of mouth and nose when coughing and sneezing, avoiding close contact with anyone showing symptoms of respiratory illness such as coughing and sneezing as well as practising good biosecurity precautions with domestic and wild animals as measures against the transmission of any kind of contagious infection and pathogens."
Shoe business of Agra stunned due to Corona virus, imports of raw materials from China stalled. 	"Shoe business of Agra can be being affected by the worry of Corona virus. Raw materials for making sneakers coming from China to Agra shouldn’t be coming in the mean time. The cause for that is the worry of corona virus. The affect of imports coming to a standstill might have an effect on the manufacturing from subsequent month, but the work is being carried out from the shares positioned to fulfill the export orders.
If the scenario doesn’t enhance quickly then it will likely be troublesome to fulfill the brand new order. Actually, Agra is an enormous export middle for sneakers, however manufacturing is essentially depending on China as a result of about 60 % of the raw materials comes from there. These embrace Regene, Shining Board, Bakkal and so on. Small entrepreneurs ask for Top of the Shoe.
The shoe is ready in Agra by connecting it with sol. For two years some individuals have began sourcing raw materials from Taiwan. Although Taiwan comes from China, so there are issues in the mean time. Gagandas Ramani, president of the Agra Shoe Factors Federation, stated that inventory is at the moment in operation, however the corona might proceed to undergo if the affect continues. Gagan Das Ramani stated that the most cost effective shoe bought in Delhi comes from Delhi. It is imported. Later it’s bought from totally different manufacturers. Its import has additionally stopped.
Gujarat, Maharashtra, South is the choice
Goods will be taken from the states of Gujarat, Maharashtra and South however it’s 30 per cent costlier than the raw materials of China. The import responsibility on raw materials has been elevated from 25 to 35 % within the new basic funds. This has lowered the speed distinction considerably. Click right here first to learn each information of the nation and the world. You give us Facebook, Twitter And you may also observe on YouTube.
Shoe business of Agra can be being affected by the worry of Corona virus. Raw materials for making sneakers coming from China to Agra shouldn’t be coming in the mean time. The cause for that is the worry of corona virus. The affect of imports coming to a standstill might have an effect on the manufacturing from subsequent month, but the work is being carried out from the shares positioned to fulfill the export orders.
If the scenario doesn’t enhance quickly then it will likely be troublesome to fulfill the brand new order. Actually, Agra is an enormous export middle for sneakers, however manufacturing is essentially depending on China as a result of about 60 % of the raw materials comes from there. These embrace Regene, Shining Board, Bakkal and so on. Small entrepreneurs ask for Top of the Shoe.
The shoe is ready in Agra by connecting it with sol. For two years some individuals have began sourcing raw materials from Taiwan. Although Taiwan comes from China, so there are issues in the mean time. Gagandas Ramani, president of the Agra Shoe Factors Federation, stated that inventory is at the moment in operation, however the corona might proceed to undergo if the affect continues. Delhi’s shoe business additionally affected Gagan Das Ramani stated that the most cost effective shoe bought in Delhi comes from Delhi. It is imported. Later it’s bought from totally different manufacturers. Its import has additionally stopped.
Gujarat, Maharashtra, South is the choice
Goods will be taken from the states of Gujarat, Maharashtra and South however it’s 30 per cent costlier than the raw materials of China. The import responsibility on raw materials has been elevated from 25 to 35 % within the new basic funds. This has lowered the speed distinction considerably. "
Dr Gabriel Cousens has a Solution for the Corona virus.. 	"As many of you know, recently in Wuhan, China, the largest city of central China with more than 10 million people, the biological viral agent developed at the Wuhan Institute of Virology somehow was released in the city where they are currently having an epidemic. The data from China, the best we can tell, suggests that 15% of those who contract the virus die, and 83% of those exposed to the virus, develop symptoms. This 15% death rate approximately follows the death rate of the lethal Spanish flu epidemic of 1918, which killed an estimated 20 million to 50 million victims, including some 675,000 Americans. This has the potential, although it has reached epidemic proportions in Wuhan, China, to become a global epidemic. As one of the main speakers at the Real Truth About Health Conference in Melville, NY last weekend, I noted that many of the attendees expressed fear about the virus. Fear, of itself, weakens the immune system, making one more vulnerable to viral infection. The good news is that, based on my clinical experience in treating viral infections, singlet atoms of iodine ( I- ) have been shown to be the most powerful antiviral substance available to us. I- is also a very powerful antioxidant. These antioxidant qualities are important because these viral infections release free radicals that tend to break down the system. The I- is also a mucolytic – It dissolves mucus in the system, such as in lung infections, which happen to be common in the case of the coronavirus. I- is also anti-inflammatory. In my scientific opinion, I- is the best and healthiest anti-viral available to us. Historically, the world research shows that no virus can withstand iodine , and, in particular, I- creates an instant kill of the virus.
I also recommend taking an immune boosting herbal combination called Mega Defense , which I generally suggest at 4 capsules twice daily, as a preventative measure at this time. Given the fact that viral infections generate free radicals, I recommend you increase overall antioxidant consumption with such products as Antioxidant Extreme . These are the basics of creating a defensive shield against the coronavirus. Iodine ’s powerful qualities strongly suggest, although we don’t have direct experience, that iodine gives a high level of preventative protection from being infected by the coronavirus. This is not a claim based on clinical evidence with the coronavirus, but, is based on my general experience with I- in treating viral infections. I make no claim to have direct experience with the coronavirus, but generally speaking, this is the best we can do, as no one has any real experience with this virus.
In my clinical experience, the optimum viral protection in general is 20 drops of I- daily dissolved in water (taken on an empty stomach). It’s best to wait 15 minutes before eating anything. If you happen to have a coronaviral infection already, based on my general experience (with no direct experience with this coronavirus), I’ve found that 5-15 drops per hour until the infection is gone is a reasonable protocol for most viral infections.
One warning about this protocol: If someone is on thyroid medication and begins to experience heart palpitations on this protocol, stop taking the iodine immediately. Wait several days and slowly start one drop at a time.
As I do not have any experience in treating the coronavirus, and hope I never have to, I obviously cannot make any specific claims for the treatment of the coronavirus with iodine. This recommendation, however, is based on a generally safe and effective approach in preventing and healing most viral infections. Additionally, people can have an occasional excessive detoxification reaction from iodine, as it forces fluoride, lead, mercury, and cadmium out of the system.
People may feel symptoms such as nausea, burning throat, and heart palpitations. If this happens, discontinue iodine use immediately. Wait several days and begin again with one drop three times daily. Although I’ve never actually seen this happen with anyone, if people become nauseated during detox, it may be helpful to put an eighth of a teaspoon on the tip of the tongue of Transformational Salt and touch the tongue to the roof of the mouth, followed by 16 ounces of water.
The form of iodine I have found to be most effective is a singlet oxygen atom of iodine ( I- ) called Illumodine . Although I believe other singlet atomic iodine can work, this is the only form I’m aware of that’s organic, radiation-free, and 100% pure (as it’s mined deep beneath the ground in South America). The other important aspect is that in the singlet atomic I- form, it is estimated to be 100% bioavailable. It is true scalar wave energized, which, in my clinical experience, makes it algae free.
As I, like most physicians, have no direct experience in treating the coronavirus, I can’t make any definitive claim to prevention or treatment, but this seems like a reasonable and relatively safe approach given the seriousness of the potential coronavirus epidemic.
These statements that I’m making haven’t been evaluated by the FDA, and we don’t claim this product diagnostic, curative, a treatment, or a preventative of any disease.
My concern as a doctor, a grandparent, and a parent is to protect my immediate and larger family from this potential, lethal epidemic.
In concern for your health and wellbeing, Dr. Gabriel Cousens, MD, MD(H), ND(hc), DD "
Reported Corona Virus Cases in China Massively Under Counted Due to Shortage of Diagnostic Kits and Layers of Bureaucracy. 	The official numbers from China for cases of 2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) are massively under counted due to a shortage of diagnostic kits because of overwhelming demand and a multi-layered bureaucracy that takes days or weeks to designate each case. The official count reported Sunday in China is 1975 cases with 56 deaths. A video by a nurse posted two days ago claimed 90,000 cases in Hubei Province, its Wuhan city and China.This video of another nurse is unconfirmed, however it tracks with other reporting: Report - Renwu - Publication - January - Details A report by Renwu, a Chinese publication, published January 23 details the shortages and bureaucracy that help explain the disparity between official numbers and the videos of death and emotional breakdowns in Wuhan hospitals and the extraordinary actions by the Chinese government.Provinces are being locked down, roads are blocked with berms and large concrete blocks, travel being restricted and pop-up hospitals are being constructed. Hospital - Videos - Reporters Several of the hospital videos have been confirmed by reporters as authentic.Renwu excerpt (via translation): ?Patients - Wuhan - Situation - Lack - Kits …Patients in Wuhan are in a difficult situation because of the lack of kits, which cannot be diagnosed and treated. Similar situations have occurred in not only Guangji Tongji Hospital, but also designated hospitals in Wuhan, such as Tongji Hospital Headquarters, Wuhan First Hospital, Sixth Hospital, Wuhan Red Cross Hospital, Wuhan Pulmonary Hospital and other popular hospitals. The patients who were lucky enough to use the kit were called “winning the lottery” by other patients.In the Wuhan area, kits are also in short supply. The National Health and Medical Commission issued a notice on January 19 stating that “a new coronavirus nucleic acid detection kit has been issued, and all regions are required to strengthen the detection. ” Only the first batch of kits was received at the designated hospital for viral pneumonia this time, and the number was...
Ebonyi Community Goes Tough On Corona Virus. 	"In other to stem the rising tides of veneral diseases in the grassroots, the Chairman, of Ohaozara council area of Ebonyi State, Princess Chinyere Iyioku has taken the war against diseases and infection to a higher dimension.
In awareness and sensitization programs organized to raise the bar of awareness on the nature, scope, method of transmission of lassa fever, corona virus, cholera and other associated flu and preventions held today at the three communities in Ohaozara, the council boss explained that it has become necessary to take the war against the veneral diseases to grassroots because most of them are worst hit.
Iyioku said Governor Umahi brings issues affecting his people to front:“It is the governor’s love for his people that made him to tell all the chairmen of the local government areas in the state to embark on this sensitization on the outbreaks of cholera, lassa fever and corona virus, that is the essence of the awareness and sensitization.
“It is to let the people know about this disease, let the people know about it.“All the places we went, they were very happy with the exercise.“What’s is happening in China shows we need to sensitization of our people.” The saying that prevention is better than cure is true, let people know it and know how to prevent it,“In Ebonyi State, we talk about lassa fever, there are reported cases of lassa fever, though not everyone knows about it especially in the areas of prevention”, the chairman explained. READ ALSO Osun Election: Adeleke Cries Out, Reveals What Is Happening In State Right Now
On the efficacy of the program, she said the tempo will be sustained because “the people need to be aware of what’s happening, we visited Uburu, Okposi and Ugwulangwu, and some schools and markets”.
She stressed the need for villagers to adhere strictly to medical recommendations propounded by the experts during the sensitization programs. Meanwhile the awareness campaign has continued to receive greater attention, with many calling for its continuation.
Chief Ogochukwu Akpa, the chairman of Ebonyi State Association of Town Unions lauded governor Umahi for such timely initiatives saying “it is because he wants us to live in good health. It is for the people to correct their mistakes and learn their lessons.
“We called the people, they came out and we sensitized them, it is really nice”. The event witnessed large turnout of people drawn from the community leaders, market associations, churches and schools. "
Corralling Corona. 	 It’s not about how the infection started, but how it can be stopped, and what happens if it can’t. A new study says that the Wuhan virus is around three times more contagious than influenza: on average, each person infects 4.1 others. Mathematically, if this cycle were repeated 17 times, it would cover the whole population of the planet. Hawaii-based writer Charles Hugh Smith offers reasons for thinking that a pandemic is virtually inevitable and that, because of the globalised economy, it could trigger a world economic depression . How lethal is it? It’s too early to say: at last count (5 February, 06:23), the tracker at Johns Hopkins University says there are 24,551 cases (99% of them in China) and so far 910 people have recovered versus 493 who have died. If it’s like SARS, the mortality rate will be under ten per cent, possibly far lower. However, in Hubei province, where the outbreak began, while 520 have recovered, 479 have died (i.e. most of the total victims to date). The New York Times reports that Wuhan residents blame the high toll there on the fact that many sufferers have had to be turned away by overstretched clinics; hence the frantic hospital-building program. Can we protect ourselves? The demand for face masks is so high that rogue traders are offering dud copies and some people are using whatever they can find to cover their mouths and noses. Yet even the real thing offers limited protection: viruses are far smaller than bacteria – in the case of coronaviruses, about one-eighth the size – so some may slip through the fibre barrier. Having said that, a paper published in Nature three years ago says that coating the mask in salt greatly improves its filtering power; if that really does work, it offers a quick and cheap improvement – though we must remember that the virus can also be transmitted by contact with infected surfaces, or float into the eyes. Other than that, we’re left with the usual precautions – quarantine, reducing public interaction to a minimum, regular cleaning of hands and so on. So far the 2019-nCoV virus has infected three times as many people as SARS , killing more on the Chinese mainland in number than last time , although a smaller proportion of cases than with SARS. The real threat is not the mortality rate but the potentially much greater number of cases, not only because of the higher infectivity combined with the longer asymptomatic incubation period that fosters unwitting transmission by carriers, but also because of the initial cover-up and delay in Wuhan. One would have thought that the lesson of 2002-3 was to act fast and decisively to contain the epidemic. On the other hand, if it had begun in a Manhattan street market just as the population was gathering to celebrate Thanksgiving, would the Mayor of New York have had the nerve – and the capacity - to put the whole city in lockdown for weeks? We may yet find out, of course. The economic effects are already beginning to manifest themselves. The New York Times reports (£) that the virus-preventive shutdown of Chinese parts suppliers is hitting Hyundai car plants in South Korea; the LA Times notes that the US has become far more linked to China since the disruption caused by SARS: ‘China’s economy today is 8½ times larger than it was in 2003. Trade with the U.S. is nearly four times bigger.’ American computer manufacturers are running out of circuit boards; middle-class Chinese tourism, already affected by the trade war, will drop further, as will sales of luxury goods to those visitors. The UK will be similarly afflicted; even with pork exports and fashion imports . We’d better make sure that our borders are an effective firebreak in the fight against this disease, and render every assistance we can to the Chinese to facilitate a return to the normality on which we have all come to depend.
New corona virus strain fills lungs with fluid. 	"Many corona viruses are also self-limiting in nature. It is only those that undergo mutation that are a cause of worry. The cycle of mutation is noted every three to four years. Hyderabad: The new strain of corona virus found recently in China affects the lungs and causes acute respiratory distress syndrome according to pulmonologists who are following the case. This causes lungs to fill with fluid and air is not able to get in.
Dr C. Vijay Kumar, senior pulmonologist at Apollo Hospitals, says the treated cases have shown that the impact on the lungs is severe. “The virus is found to attack the lungs faster than expected from the group of corona viruses. This indicates that the virus is virulent in nature,” he said.
Corona viruses are zoonotic which means that they are transmitted from animals to humans. This large family of viruses cause illnesses ranging from the common cold to severe pneumonia. It can also lead to death. Corona viruses mutate for survival and they look for favourable conditions where they can survive.
The SARS CoV was transmitted from civet cats to humans, MERS-CoV was from dromedary camels to humans and H1N1 virus came from the intestines of pigs. There are several viruses in the bodies of animals but they do not infect humans.
Many corona viruses are also self-limiting in nature. It is only those that undergo mutation that are a cause of worry. The cycle of mutation is noted every three to four years.
Every year, there is a new strain of virus and the vaccination schedule is based on these strains. While vaccination is a protection it is not completely so as its efficacy is only between 60 to 70 per cent.
Since the last five years it has been found that flu vaccinations are not working as required as there are many different strains of viruses around.
Dr Mehboob Khan, superintendent of Chest Hospital explained, “Why do we need to know the strain of the virus? Because the strain helps us decide on the medications that are to be used. Common flu has a single medicine which works for all. But if there is a new strain or a mutated strain, the existing medicines will require different combinations to control spread of the virus in the body.”
When the human body is infected, the immune system fights the virus. While the immune system is engaged with the virus, dormant bad bacteria in the lungs get active and they attack the body.
The virus is self-limiting and will die, and it is the bacteria which creates secondary infection like lung collapse, kidney damage or multi-organ failure leading to death."
Tourism industry eyes seat sales, free travel taxes to combat tourists' fear of 2019-nCoV. 	"Last week, the government banned flights to and from mainland China and its special administrative regions Hong Kong and Macau to arrest the spread of the virus that originated from the central Chinese city of Wuhan. A travel ban was also imposed on Taiwan, Monday.
The Philippine tourism industry lost about P14.8 billion in February 2020 alone, he said, noting that travelers are hesitant to proceed with bookings due to fears of contacting the virus that has killed nearly 1,000 people worldwide.

Cebu Pacific, the Philippines' largest carrier, lost some P1.5 billion after several passengers requested for refunds.
Compared to the same period in 2019, flight bookings went down by 87 percent in February as China and Hong Kong account for 30 percent of Cebu Pacific's flight operations, PAterno Mantarin Jr., the carrier's vice president for corporate affairs, said.
""We are now feeling the effect of the coronavirus on the tourism industry... hopefully we can survive this challenging time,"" he said.
""We welcome all measures to alleviate the burden of the industry, including the granting of incentives,"" he said.
Travel taxes and other fees shouldered by airlines should be temporarily waived to pull down ticket prices and encourage more travelers to book flights to coronavirus-free destinations, said Desiree Bandal, Philippines AirAsia head for global affairs.
Airlines have to pay additional fees for extended use of runways, which might happen if the airline decides to mount more domestic flights to make up for overseas losses, she said.
Outgoing passengers are charged up to P1,620 for economy and P2,700 for business class. Half of the amount goes to the Tourism Infrastructure and Enterprise Zone Authority (TIEZA), 40 percent to the Commission on Higher Education and 10 percent to the National Commission for Culture and Arts, according to the TIEZA website.
Philippine Airlines, which has canceled 800 monthly flights due to the travel ban on Chinese territories, backed suggestions to waive travel taxes and fees.
""Anything we can do to incentivize travel now is really important,"" PAL Vice President for Corporate Communications Jose Enrique Perez-De Tagle said.
""Nothing is ascertain. We really just have to do everything we can, be as resilient as we can. Conserve what we can right now,"" he said.
The government will have to review how the proposal will affect TIEZA collections, Senate Tourism Committee chair Nancy Binay said, noting that regulators expect a drop in travel tax collections due to the decrease in tourist arrivals.
China is the Philippines' second largest tourism market, next to South Korea.
The DOT said it will boost tourism marketing efforts in South Korea, US, Japan and the Southeast Asian region to try to offset losses from China.
DOMESTIC SPENDING
A month-long ""nationwide Philippine shopping festival"" will be held in the Philippines in March to help spur domestic spending, Boncato said.
Major malls are expected to hold special promotions and sales to attract local and regional shoppers to the Philippines, he said.
The DOT is also considering suggestions that government agencies should be encouraged to hold out of town meetings and seminars to the domestic tourism players, he said."
I am grateful to all the people fighting against Corona virus.. 	"GratitudeJournal I am grateful to all the people fighting against Corona virus.
Two months into the fear of virus contagion, people from all around the world are quick to block the virus into extinction. Infectious diseases are utterly powerful and human beings are directly exposed at the mercy of nature.
​
What I really worry about is they are invisible. Unforeseen processes of contamination blur the way to protect ourselves from the infection. It remains to be seen whether I was contaminated or not, with the symptoms of a high fever or a coughing.
​
For all the difficulties, Korean public officials dedicated themselves to keep the disaster at bay. By washing hands cleanly and wearing masks impeccably, I hope the dreadful evil come to an end soon or later.
"
Dr. Brownstein: Corona Virus is Nothing New – Here’s What to Do. 	"I am sure you aware of the corona virus infection that is causing concern around the world. A January 24, 2020 study in The Lancet reported the latest statistics. (1) The fatality rate (so far) from the corona infection is approaching 15%. That is not good news.
There is a big HOWEVER here: This Lancet report is based on only 41 laboratory confirmed cases of the recent corona virus strain (2019-nCoV). Keep in mind, the 15% fatality rate is the percentage of hospitalized patients suffering with corona virus. There must be many more people who became ill with this corona virus and recovered uneventfully and therefore, did not seek care.
The symptoms of corona virus initially mimic the flu—fever, headache, cough, fatigue and muscle aches. The 41 patients admitted to the hospital all developed pneumonia.
Corona virus is nothing new. It has been with us for a long time. Corona virus can affect both animals and humans. It is important to keep in mind that most corona viral infections are mild. In the last two decades, there were two serious corona virus infections–severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) and Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) which both had elevated death rates.
So, what can you do? Wearing a mask will not help protect you from becoming ill with any viral infection—corona virus included. I would check that off the list.
First, it is important to maintain optimal levels of nutrients, particularly vitamins A, C, and D.
Most people have suboptimal vitamin A and C levels. Both of these nutrients have antiviral abilities and are able to support the immune system when it is under viral attack.
If you are not ill, I suggest taking 3-5,000 mg/day of vitamin C. At the first sign of an illness, I would suggest taking 1,000 mg/hour until diarrhea develops, then back off for a time period.
For vitamin A, I suggest using 5,000 Units/day if you are not sick and 100,000 Units/day for four days at the first sign of an illness. Pregnant women cannot take these doses. (Note: Take vitamin A, not beta carotene.)
Also, vitamin D is very important for fighting infections. I suggest, at the onset of an illness, taking 50,000 IU of vitamin D3/day for four days.
Iodine is essential to not only fighting off an infection it is necessary for proper immune system functioning. There is no bacteria, virus, parasite or fungus that is known to be resistant to iodine.
As I have written in my book, Iodine: Why You Need It, Why You Can’t Live Without It, most of the population is low in iodine. If fact, iodine levels have fallen nearly 60% over the last 40 years.
The RDA for iodine is inadequate to supply enough iodine for all the bodily tissues. For the majority of my patients, I suggest taking 25 mg/day as a daily dose and more (sometimes 50-100 mg/day) at the first sign of an illness. Iodine can cause adverse effects and it is best used under the guidance of an iodine-knowledgeable doctor.
To prevent becoming ill and to avoid having a poorly responding immune system, it is vitally important to eat a healthy diet free of all sources of refined sugar. Refined sugar has been shown to negatively alter the functioning of the white blood cells for hours after ingestion.
Finally, it is important to maintain optimal hydration—drink water! Take your body weight in pounds, divide by two and the resultant number is the amount of water to drink per day in ounces. Dehydration ensures you will be much more likely to suffer serious problems from any infectious process.
Conventional medicine has little to offer to prevent or treat corona virus infections other than washing your hands–I agree with that one. It is time for you to take the initiative and learn what other therapies are out there. Your conventional doctor simply has no effective tools in his/her toolkit for this.
As for getting the flu shot? Fugetaboutit. It won’t help corona infections and there was a study which found an increased risk in non-influenza infections, including coronavirus, in those that received the trivalent flu vaccine. (2)
My last recommendation is to work with a holistic doctor who can give you nutrient IVs when you become ill. Vitamin C, hydrogen peroxide, and ozone IVs can help anyone suffering from an infection. At my office, The Center for Holistic Medicine, we have seen the positive results a holistic approach to combatting viruses can provide. To find a holistic doctor near you go to: www.icimed.com.
To All Our Health,
Read the full article at DrBrownstein.com .
Comment on this article at HealthImpactNews.com . Please take a moment to support Ole on Patreon! Share About Guest Author Much of the daily content we publish is notable to us for various reasons. Having said that, the views and opinions expressed in this content, (articles, videos or any other content), are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the authors of this site. As always, please do your own research. Please do not believe what you are told. Take what you like, and leave the rest."
Worrying Similarity Between Corona Virus and HIV (Human Immunodeficiency Virus). 	"We may as well cut to the chase here. The question is: Does the current threat of a corona virus epidemic look like a “laboratory accident” or even a full-fledged genocide? Our contributor, who writes undercover as G5, already raised this in an article dated 29 January 2020.
A few days ago he wrote in an email: “The current Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is common in many of its forms, not related to Rhinovirus, and is a weaponized variant. It is related to The SARS and MERS biological weapons .”
Dr Alan Cantwell, MD (author of AIDS and the Doctors of Death , and Queer Blood , about the AIDS genocide of gay men) forwarded a study to Mary Maxwell, entitled the “uncanny similarity of unique inserts in the 2019-nCoV spike protein to HIV-1 gp120 and Gag | bioRxiv.”
This morning, G5 sent another email, commenting on the same study.
G5 made the following remarks (in his usual way): “These organisms don’t mutate in these complexities on their own. The papers written about the formation of HIV alone, are extraordinary. “The US has been playing about since the 1950s when they saved the arses of Mengele and others. It’s tragic. And very few understand any of this. We of course are the insane ones. Because we question. “The alleged education and occupation of young minds on idiocies has destroyed the foundations of early thinking. ‘Give me the child until it is seven and…’ “The US Intel Apparatus was funded by enormous amounts of gold (Goering, Yamashita) just after WWII. It had larger assets and reserves than the nation states that were looted combined. I met one Philippine op. who had seen the eight main caches that Marcos had given MacArthur. It was literally Shipped to US domestic bunkers under CIA control. “Not to mention the Swiss Repositories. Literally warehouses of pallets of metals and 999 coins. Then the US from 1981 under the control of NAZI GHWB began cornering the world wholesale drug trade. They have that. “The current owner is the CIA Consortium with The Usual Suspects. A crime riddled mafia like no other. (I laugh when I see the absurd moral and legalistic lengths to allegedly combat crime. The heroes and those who believe have no idea. It is beyond a parallel world.)”
[End of comment from G5]
The Study
Dr Alan Cantwell forwarded this study to us this morning. It is by nine scientists — Prashant Pradhan et al.
The Abstract says: “We are currently witnessing a major epidemic caused by the 2019 novel coronavirus (2019- nCoV). The evolution of 2019-nCoV remains elusive. We found 4 insertions in the spike glycoprotein (S) which are unique to the 2019-nCoV and are not present in other coronaviruses.” “Importantly, amino acid residues in all the 4 inserts have identity or similarity to those in the HIV-1 gp120 or HIV-1 Gag. Interestingly, despite the inserts being discontinuous on the primary amino acid sequence, 3D-modelling of the 2019-nCoV suggests that they converge to constitute the receptor binding site. “The finding of 4 unique inserts in the 2019-nCoV, all of which have identity /similarity to amino acid residues in key structural proteins of HIV-1 is unlikely to be fortuitous in nature. “This work … sheds light on the evolution and pathogenicity of this virus with important implications for diagnosis of this virus.” [Bolding added.]
As part of the conclusion, the authors write, “…This is startling as it is quite unlikely for a virus to have acquired such unique insertions [in Spike proteins] naturally in a short duration of time.”"
corona virus wuhan Fundamentals Explained. 	"In California, a husband and spouse diagnosed with coronavirus in San Benito County have seasoned “worsening symptoms” and were admitted into a healthcare facility outdoors the county “equipped for a greater standard of care,” county officials reported.Chinese buyers are the largest luxurious spenders on earth, like in Italy, the place they depict 35% of huge-ticket spenders, much more than Russians, Arabs and Americans combined. Their absence in the Chinese New Yr vacation period of time is remaining sorely felt by Milan's luxurious boutiques.Requested regardless of whether everyone has exhibited symptoms given that ADHS, ASU, and MCDPH commenced getting in contact with anybody who might have perhaps been subjected to the coronavirus by the infected particular person on Sunday, Minnick reported, ""Not which i know of, not as of now.""On Thursday, a male in Illinois turned the main circumstance of person-to-particular person transmission of your virus inside the U.S, the CDC explained. He is the husband of a Chicago female diagnosed While using the virus after returning from Wuhan. He's hospitalized in isolation and is secure. His spouse, who's in her 60s, is also in isolation and in excellent problem. The Chicago Department of General public Wellbeing described that she had frequented China in December and returned to Chicago before this thirty day period..@WHO Director-Standard @DrTedros is reconvening the Crisis Committee later on these days to carry on deliberations on whether #nCoV2019 constitutes a public wellness unexpected emergency of international concern and proposals to handle it.The medical center explained it wouldn't launch even further specifics of the girl on account of affected person privacy legal guidelines.American Airways announced Tuesday a halt to its flights from two U.S. cities to Hong Kong, a semi-autonomous Chinese city that has verified cases of the new coronavirus.Don’t go. Wait around right up until all this concludes. There will be extra prospects click here to go on the cruise Later on, but the opportunity of getting seriously Unwell and maybe even dying isn’t worthwhile. Even if it is a small prospect.Men and women searching for likes instead of understanding the seriousness of his virus getting the globe by storm. It makes no sense however another thing I'm able to say may be the “likes” is not really intending to shell out to your health treatment or funeral. Smh""To date, one particular of such cases has long been demonstrated damaging and a few are still pending. Though the danger for New York is now lower, the Governor is looking for amplified vigilance to be certain New Yorkers are guarded.""The goats of your Philly Goat Undertaking are loving, caring animals and may be helpful in a number of approaches.""I'm wanting ahead to providing my mom a hug, I haven't found her in five years,"" Priscilla Dickey, one of several Americans, instructed CBS News.After we are again up and functioning you will end up prompted at that time to accomplish your register. Until then, enjoy the neighborhood news, weather conditions, targeted traffic and a lot more that is ""as community as community news receives.""The illness has shut down elements of China and resulted in fears of a global epidemic. Presently, there is absolutely no treatment for your coronavirus."
The 2019-nCoV Corona Virus – An Internet Monk Primer. 	"There has been much talk and much misinformation being spread about the Corona Virus that is currently hitting China hard. As a statistician, I thought I would help to shed some light on the topic in terms that most of us can understand.
My data that I am using here is taken primarily from two sources:
Time - Map - John - Hopkins - University 1. The real time interactive map that John Hopkins University is using to present the current status and trend of the virus.
2. A Lancet Medical Journal article published a week ago and updated/corrected February 4th.
Image - Part - Map - China - Data The first image is part of a map of China. The data was updated as of 7:43 p.m. EST on Thursday. It is changing rapidly! The largest red circles that you see represent the provinces that have at least 1000 cases. When I started writing this post earlier this evening, there was only one large red circle, it contained 22,000 of the approximate 31,000 cases. By 8:30 when I saved this map there were two large circles. By 9:00 p.m. there were three. Within the next day or two there will be several more. This by the way is only confirmed cases. There is likely a multiplier effect of those who had such mild symptoms, that they did not even register as cases.
So what do we know?
Virus - Market - Wuhan - Interaction The virus originated in a market in Wuhan through animal human interaction.
Wuhan is a major transportation hub, and the start of the virus corresponded with the Chinese Lunar New Year, when many were travelling.
Virus - Rate - Lancet - Journal - Article The virus is spreading at an exponential rate. The Lancet Journal article estimated a doubling of the number of cases every 6.4 days. From recent data, cumulative deaths are doubling about every four days.
In my graph below I show the cumulative number of deaths."
Corona virus was identified twenty five years ago. 	"The deadly corona virus spread in China. It was identified in an American film in 1995 that transmitted from animal to human.
At present, 180 people in China have succumbed to the Corona virus.
Thousands of people are affected by the virus, while foreigners in China are desperate to return to their homeland.
The corona virus can be transmitted from one person to another, causing an illness such as a flu.
Death can also occur due to lack of timely and appropriate treatment. But films about the same germs are being made in the international film industry.
In the United States too, a film was made in 1995 about this bacterial virus, called ‘Outbreak’.
Scenes from the film show that. A virus is transmitted by killing a man’s claws in an attempt to capture a wild monkey. "
The 2-Minute Rule for corona virus california. 	"The Dow Jones Industrial Normal opened five hundred details lessen as news of your virus spreading towards the U.S. and other countries grew and globe officers scrambled to incorporate the outbreak, which commenced in Wuhan, China.These are the very first federal quarantine orders issued in fifty decades, the last coming during the nineteen sixties for smallpox evaluations, CDC officials mentioned.The CDC also states that men and women who Consider They might have already been exposed to the 2019 novel coronavirus need to Get in touch with their wellness care suppliers straight away. ADHS states that anyone who has not too long ago traveled to Wuhan and feels Ill by using a fever, cough, or trouble breathing should find healthcare care, steer clear of contact with Other individuals, not journey even though sick, wash fingers often and thoroughly, and always cover your mouth and nose when coughing or sneezing.Considerably less people today dying cuz considerably less have already been contaminated. Hospitalization rate is much greater. If this turns into flu stage in scope it will eventually overhwhlem hospitals.Authorities are taking significantly spectacular measures to comprise the virus, such as quarantining incoming vacationers from China.But, commercial flights keep on to return and go in between the U.S. and China, as well as CDC reported it absolutely was currently analyzing whether to restrict the movement of passengers coming in on People flights.All New Yorkers have been recommended to implement go-to chilly and flu avoidance actions also: go over mouth and nose having a tissue or sleeve whilst coughing and sneezing, as well as washing arms typically with soap and h2o for 20 seconds.To this point, there is just one confirmed situation in the coronavirus during the U.S., a Seattle gentleman who lately traveled from China examined optimistic for that virus. He stays in isolation for the clinic exactly where Medical doctors say the Preliminary interaction with the affected person was throughout the utilization of a robot. ""Most of the people will not receive the virus,"" Koo claimed. ""So I urge people today to only go on their own normal routines.""An out-of-control virus — now believed to spread via human to human Speak to — has long been Amongst the most terrifying prospective clients the two for the final population and for buyers nervous that some external event could provide to an conclusion The most effective marketplace bull operates and American economic expansions on report.The expanding caseload ""signifies significant hazard of community transmission"" and will portend a ""massive-scale"" outbreak in the semi-autonomous Chinese territory, said Chuang Shuk-kwan, head in the communicable illness department at the Center for Wellbeing Protection.“We did this with Ebola at the same time. ‘Have you traveled anyplace not long ago?’ and afterwards If they're discovered as someone of interest, then they’ll be place in a special isolation place to try to stop any spread of an infection,” she says.""In the airports, if passengers returning from China display no symptoms, their names are taken and forwarded to district clinical officers. These here are advised voluntary self-isolation at their houses to get a handful of weeks and are now being tracked for his or her wellbeing updates,"" Dr Fettle claimed.""Since this outbreak initially emerged, we have been Functioning carefully with our associates across the U.S authorities and round the world to expedite the development and availability of important healthcare goods that will help end this outbreak as rapidly as possible,"" FDA Commissioner Stephen M."
Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) Update: Aviation Liability. 	"In 1996, a 32 year old woman died of a drug resistant strain of tuberculosis after flying with a US carrier from Chicago to Hawaii. The Centre for Disease Control traced all 249 passengers and found that six passengers, some as far as 13 rows behind the woman, had caught the pathogenic bacterium which causes tuberculosis. As a result of this incident, several governments established guidelines to prevent the spread of communicable diseases including tracing passengers who have been exposed to the infection.
Coronavirus is a family of viruses that includes the common cold, Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (""SARS"") and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome. In December 2019, a new form of the virus was discovered, thought to have originated from a food market in Wuhan, China. The latest variant, 2019-nCoV, is a strain that has not previously been seen in humans before. Symptoms initially may include a cough and/ or fever. These can, in some cases, lead to more severe symptoms or death. At time of writing, there are over 9,692 cases (and counting) reported globally, resulting in 213 deaths. The virus has spread to every region in Mainland China, including Tibet. Transmission details are being reviewed, though it is thought 2019-nCoV can and has been transmitted between humans. Recent cases suggest people who do not show any symptoms could transmit the disease. The World Health Organisation (“WHO”) has declared 2019-nCoV a global health emergency.
2019-nCoV is not the same as tuberculosis, but there may be similarities in the steps that airlines need to take to try and ensure the safety of the travelling public. While most people affected are in Mainland China, 2019-nCoV has also affected victims in other parts of the world including: Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore, Australia, UAE, France, Germany, Canada and the US. Reactions to the virus have already begun to impact airlines. British Airways has cancelled all flights to Mainland China and Hong Kong-based Cathay Pacific Group has reduced capacity by 50% on Mainland Chinese routes. WHO has not yet issued an Emergency Travel Advisory to passengers or airlines (as they did for SARS in 2003); however, this may change. Some governments may require passengers to complete health declarations on arrival and submit to medical examination if they are suspected of suffering respiratory symptoms or are travelling from a particular country. Thai Airways announced it will be fumigating aircraft arriving from China and other at risk areas 15 minutes after the last crew members leave the aircraft. EVA Air announced they would provide N95 respirator masks and medical masks on all EVA flights. Air carrier liability
In general, the principles of air carriers’ liability for a passenger contracting 2019-nCoV in an aircraft cabin are no different to principles relating to the spread of other diseases such as tuberculosis or cholera.
Airlines must comply with national and international health regulations as well as the laws of the countries to which they operate services. If they ignore passengers that look unwell, they may be exposed to penalties or passenger claims.
The possible risk factors for the airlines could include the following: (a) failing to deny at check-in/ boarding a passenger who has 2019-nCoV symptoms or to take any precautionary steps to check that the passenger is medically fit to fly; (b) failing in flight to isolate a passenger who has 2019-nCoV symptoms or to await medical authorities at destination before disembarking passengers; (c) failing to trace fellow passengers where an airline is notified that a passenger on one of its flights had 2019-nCoV; and (d) a failure in the cabin ventilation system.
In considering the liability of airlines to passengers that have contracted 2019-nCoV, a distinction needs to be drawn between claims brought in countries that recognise the applicability of the Warsaw Regime and the Montreal Convention (as well as, in many cases, the exclusivity of the cause of action thereby provided) and those countries that do not, such as Taiwan, where domestic tort and contract law principles regarding personal injuries/death will apply.
The Conventions require an accident to have caused the damage to have taken place on board the aircraft or in the course of operations of embarking and disembarking. The US Supreme Court decision in Air France-v-Saks gives the authoritative definition of the term ""accident"" as ""an unexpected or unusual event or happening that is external to the passenger"", also holding that an injury resulting from ""the passenger’s own internal reaction to the usual, normal and expected operation of the aircraft"", is not caused by an accident.
In the conjoined decision of King-v-Bristow Helicopters & Morris-v-KLM, the House of Lords held that compensable ‘bodily injury’ includes ""the physical infliction of physical injury during the flight even though not already manifested at the conclusion of the flight, for example a disease or illness contracted upon the aircraft through the contamination of the aircraft’s air supply"". In particular, Lord Hobhouse stated that contracting an illness may amount to an injury depending upon the degree in which it departs from the normal. Thus, if a passenger caught a mild cold, this may not be deemed to be an injury; however, a passenger that caught a serious disease such as hepatitis, as the result of the deliberate or negligent act of another, may have suffered an injury.
In Hussain-v-Olympic Airways, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit concluded that the failure by an airline to accede to a request by a passenger with asthma problems to be moved from a smoking section can be an ""accident"" under the Convention. The Court found that: ""The failure to act in the face of a known, serious risk satisfies the meaning of ""accident"" so long as reasonable alternatives exist that would substantially minimise the risk, and implementing these alternatives would not unreasonably interfere with the normal, expected operation of the airline"". The analysis in Hussain can be criticised for confusing notions of ordinary negligence (fault theory) with the requirements of the Conventions and the US Supreme Court will review the decision.
DVT case authority may assist on whether an airline’s failure to warn passengers of the risk of 2019-nCoV and/or to take steps to isolate a passenger with relevant symptoms or honour requests by other passengers for alternative seating might possibly amount to an accident as an unexpected or unusual event or happening.
In the English House of Lords decision, Deep Vein Thrombosis, the court concluded that airlines are not liable in the UK to passengers who suffer DVT during flights, as it did not quite meet the definition of “accident”. In other words, DVT was not an unexpected or unusual event external to the passenger. Failure to warn of DVT did not meet this test either. Nevertheless, if a passenger begins to show symptoms of 2019-nCoV, cabin crew should take every precaution to minimise the risk to other passengers, providing reasonable alternatives exist (i.e. moving surrounding passengers to other areas of the cabin).
It is also worth noting that Article 20 of the Montreal Convention (similar language in Article 21 of the Warsaw Convention) states that if the carrier proves that the damage was caused or contributed to by the negligence or other wrongful act or omission of the person claiming compensation […], the carrier shall be wholly or partly exonerated from its liability to the claimant to the extent that such negligence or wrongful act or omission caused or contributed to the damage. By way of example, the French Court of Appeal exonerated a carrier on the basis of contributory negligence of a passenger who died following a severe asthma attack. The court found that the passenger was at fault for having undertaken the flight without taking proper medical precautions. Regulation
Article 14 of the Chicago Convention requires Contracting States to take effective measures to prevent the spread by means of air navigation of cholera, typhus, smallpox, yellow fever, plague and such other communicable diseases as the Contracting States shall from time to time designate.
The International Civil Aviation Organization (“ICAO”) promulgates standards and recommended practices (“SARPs”) in the form of Annexes to the Chicago Convention. Standards are generally considered binding on Contracting States, whereas recommended practices are not. Annex 9 – Facilitation – contains the following relevant provisions:
“8.12 Contracting States shall comply with the pertinent provisions of the International Health Regulations (2005) of the World Health Organization.
8.15.1 Recommended Practice. - When a public health threat has been identified, and when the public health authorities of a Contracting State require information concerning passengers’ and/or crews’ travel itineraries or contact information for the purposes of tracing persons who may have been exposed to a communicable disease, that Contracting State should accept the “Public Health Passenger Locator Form” reproduced in Appendix 13 as the sole document for this purpose.
8.16 A Contracting State shall establish a national aviation plan in preparation for an outbreak of a communicable disease posing a public health risk or public health emergency of international concern.”
The above SARPs require implementation by the Contracting States. Generally speaking, regulations for the prevention of the spread of infectious diseases by air navigation are governed by national regulations. In the UK for example, these provisions are found in the Public Health (Aircraft) Regulations 1979. Here, cabin and other flight crew have a responsibility to report to the flight’s commander (captain) if they become aware of any person on board that appears symptomatic of or is suffering from an infectious disease or tuberculosis. The commander, in turn, must notify the authorised officer via radio (or other) of the first customs airport at which the aircraft is to land. In Hong Kong, Cap. 599 Prevention and Control of Disease Regulation (and subsidiary legislation) provides the legislative framework for the prevention of infectious diseases of public health importance and is based, along with its predecessor (Cap 141), on principles set out in the WHO International Health Regulations 2005 (“IHR”) (see below for further). 2019-nCoV has been added to Cap 599 as a Scheduled Infectious Disease. Cap 599A, Section 11 states:
“(1)The operator of a point of entry or a cross-boundary aircraft, cross-boundary vessel or cross-boundary public vehicle shall ensure, as far as practicable, that the point of entry or cross-boundary aircraft, cross-boundary vessel or cross-boundary public vehicle is maintained in a sanitary condition”.
Carriers and other stakeholders are reminded that a person who contravenes the above commits an offence.
WHO developed the IHR to prevent, protect against, control and respond to the international spread of disease while avoiding unnecessary interference with international traffic and trade. This international law (binding on all WHO Member States) was born out of global consensus in 2005 and entered into force in 2007. IHR establishes rules that support alert and response systems and require Member States to improve international surveillance and reporting for public health events. The IHR requires states to designate key international airports and ports to develop and strengthen capacities such as surveillance, reporting, notification, verification, response and collaboration. There are no enforcement mechanisms per se as part of the IHR.
The outbreak of SARS in 2003 provided further impetus for ongoing coordination between WHO and ICAO. Today, ICAO produces guidelines in the Aviation Medicine Section of the Air Navigation Bureau for the management of communicable diseases that pose a public health risk. These guidelines are intended to help Contracting States plan for and mitigate against the risk of communicable diseases and public health emergencies. Nevertheless, at present there are limited opportunities for developing a global plan for managing risks posed by communicable diseases. Today, ICAO and WHO will need likely require a harmonized approach to limiting the spread of 2019-nCoV. Conclusions
It remains to be seen whether airlines will be exposed to formal claims from passengers who may have contracted 2019-nCoV aboard flights and whether, as with DVT, issues will arise as to what is an accident. Many airlines have meanwhile taken precautionary measures to keep the travelling public informed of the latest health information available, to screen passengers at check-in and prior to boarding and disinfect aircraft. Tracing of passengers after flights to enable airlines to ascertain those most likely to have been exposed to risk is complicated by a number of factors: passengers on disembarkation are dispersed widely; there is a two to fourteen day period of incubation; and airline reservation systems may not have sufficient data relating to passengers to give to airline medical staff and health authorities.
The content of this article does not constitute legal or medical advice and should not be relied on in that way. Specific advice should be sought about your specific circumstances. "
Clover Successfully Produced 2019-nCoV Subunit Vaccine Candidate and Detected Cross-Reacting Antibodies from Sera of Multiple Infected Patients. 	"Clover Biopharmaceuticals, a global clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing novel and transformative biologic therapies, announced today that it has successfully produced its trimeric Spike-protein (“S-Trimer”) subunit vaccine candidate for 2019-nCoV via a mammalian cell expression system. In addition, Clover scientists have used the newly obtained S-Trimer and successfully detected antigen-specific antibody in sera from multiple fully recovered patients who were previously infected by the virus. Importantly, Clover is the first company in the world to disclose a 2019-nCoV vaccine candidate that can successfully be recognized by antibodies produced by previously-infected patients, supporting that S-Trimer has preserved the native structure of the viral spike (S) protein and thus may elicit a protective-immune response as a vaccine. This work was carried out with the support of leadership teams from Chengdu Hi-Tech Park and Chengdu Clinical Center for Public Health in China.
Similar to other enveloped RNA viruses such as HIV, RSV and Influenza, 2019-nCoV is also an RNA virus that has a trimeric spike (S) protein on its viral envelope. The trimeric S protein of 2019-nCoV is responsible for binding to host cell surface receptor ACE2 and subsequent viral entry. Symptoms in infected patients include fever, coughing and breathing difficulties, and it can be fatal.
Upon knowing the genomic DNA sequence of this newly identified 2019-nCoV last month, Clover scientists immediately started designing the viral S-protein construct and completed its gene synthesis. Utilizing our patented Trimer-Tag © technology, Clover has produced a S-Trimer subunit vaccine that resembles the native trimeric viral spike via a rapid mammalian cell-culture based expression system. Having one of the largest in-house, commercial-scale cGMP biomanufacturing capabilities in China, Clover could potentially be able to rapidly scale-up and produce large-quantities of a new coronavirus vaccine.
Clover has previously developed recombinant subunit-Trimer vaccines for RSV and Influenza viruses utilizing its Trimer-Tag © technology and has demonstrated that they are able to evoke protective neutralizing antibody responses in multiple animal models.
“I am very excited that Clover has achieved high-level expression of the native-like trimeric viral Spike protein (S-Trimer) in mammalian cells in record time, and importantly, we have used the newly-obtained vaccine candidate to successfully detect viral S protein-specific antibodies from the sera of multiple patients who recently recovered from 2019-nCoV infection in China. The implication of this discovery is that it not only has validated the correct conformation of our S-Trimer subunit vaccine candidate, but also further supports that the new 2019-nCov virus is indeed the culprit for the current epidemic, since all previous diagnosis for the viral infections have been based on nucleic acid detection. This important finding forms a solid foundation for the continued rapid development of S-Trimer vaccine through pilot production, preclinical efficacy and safety studies, followed by human clinical trials and subsequent large-scale production.” said Dr. Peng Liang, co-founder, Chairman and President of Clover. “We remain confident that Clover can be among one of the first companies to develop a successful vaccine to contain the 2019-nCoV epidemic, as well as any future outbreaks of similar coronaviruses”.
“We are encouraged by the rapid progress of our S-Trimer vaccine development for 2019-nCoV and hope to support global efforts in fighting this epidemic,” said Joshua Liang, Chief Strategy Officer and Board Director at Clover. “To this end, we recognize that collaborations will be critical to accelerating the development of a successful new vaccine in times of emergency, and we invite any interested regulatory, academic or industry parties to contact us for this noble common cause.”
About Clover Biopharmaceuticals
Clover Biopharmaceuticals is a global, clinical-stage, research-based biotechnology company focused on discovering, developing and commercializing transformative biologic therapies, with a focus on oncology and autoimmune diseases, as well as viral vaccines. Having raised more than US$ 100 million in total capital since 2016, Clover is utilizing its proprietary Trimer-Tag © technology platform to develop novel biologics targeting trimerization-dependent pathways. Additionally, Clover is leveraging its in-house cGMP biomanufacturing capabilities to develop select biosimilars. For more information, please visit our website: www.cloverbiopharma.com . www.cloverbiopharma.com .

Trimer-Tag © is an innovative drug development platform which allows the production of novel, covalently-trimerized fusion proteins. Many major disease targets are trimerization-dependent such as the tumor necrosis factor superfamily (involved in extrinsic apoptosis, immune co-stimulation and inflammation) as well as enveloped RNA virus antigens responsible for entry into host cells. Clover is using Trimer-Tag technology to create trimerized fusion proteins that are able to effectively target these previously undruggable pathways.
About Wuhan Coronavirus 2019-nCoV
The new coronavirus identified in late 2019 has been officially named by WHO as 2019-nCoV on January 12, 2020. Coronavirus is a family of enveloped RNA viruses that include MERS and SARS, both of which caused serious human infections of respiratory system. 2019-nCov has never before been found in human, and since this outbreak was first reported in late-2019, the virus has so far infected over 40,000 people and has caused over 900 reported deaths (as of February 9, 2020). It has been declared a Public Health Emergency by the World Health Organization (WHO). Currently there is no vaccine available for the virus."
Listen: loudspeakers broadcast corona virus closure messages to the empty streets of Shanghai Disneyland. 	"Death toll in China from Wuhan virus now 41, with 1,000+ infected globally, 2 cases in U.S.
China confirmed an additional 15 deaths on Friday from the so-called Wuhan virus, officially known as Novel Coronavirus 2019-nCoV. Wuhan, the Chinese city of 11 million where the outbreak sparked, is in virtual lockdown. Around the world, 1,000 people are now confirmed infected with the new virus. Health authorities are working to prevent a global […] Canadian ""protesters"" at Huawei extradition hearing say they were tricked, thought they were in a music video
The idea of paid protesters is a favorite of the right, though as always, the thing you accuse your opponents of inevitably turns out to be the thing you're doing yourself (Trump paid actors to cheer his presidential campaign announcement and big industry groups pay actors to protest regulations that undermine their profits). Every tech brand should be using a .tech domain
In the early days of the web, everyone wanted a .com domain for their site. As a result, all the good ones got snapped up. But .com no longer has the cachet it once did. In fact, many new businesses and individuals are opting for other top-level domain extensions. One of the most memorable is […] Enter to win a free streaming device plus 1 year of free service
Most streaming fanatics have access to perhaps one or two go-to platforms that they use to binge-watch their favorite shows every night. But there’s always that elusive streaming platform that we secretly crave but never sign up for—leading to bitter nights filled with missed content. So why not enter to win not only a 1-year […] Smoke discreetly in any environment with the Genius Pipe
Thanks to a series of progressive movements throughout the United States, more and more states are allowing people to smoke in the great outdoors with absolute freedom. Unfortunately, most pipe-makers have been slow to catch up with this new reality, which leads to avid smokers stuffing a cumbersome glass pipe in their pocket every time […] READ THE REST
Read the rules you agree to by using this website in our Terms of Service .
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Boing Boing uses cookies and analytics trackers, and is supported by advertising, merchandise sales and affiliate links. Read about what we do with the data we gather in our Privacy Policy .
Who will be eaten first? Our forum rules are detailed in the Community Guidelines .
Boing Boing is published under a Creative Commons license except where otherwise noted."
The possible origins of 2019-nCoV coronavirus . 	Rachel Chalmers The protozoan parasite Cryptosporidium is an important cause of diarrheal disease (cryptosporidiosis) in humans and animals, with significant morbidity and mortality especially in severely immunocompromised people and in young children in low-resource settings. Due to the sexual life cycle of the parasite, transmission is complex. There are no restrictions on sexual recombination between ... [Show full abstract] sub-populations, meaning that large-scale genetic recombination may occur within a host, potentially confounding epidemiological analysis. To clarify the relationships between infections in different hosts, it is first necessary to correctly identify species and genotypes, but these differentiations are not made by standard diagnostic tests and more sophisticated molecular methods have been developed. For instance, multilocus genotyping has been utilized to differentiate isolates within the major human pathogens, Cryptosporidium parvum and Cryptosporidium hominis. This has allowed mixed populations with multiple alleles to be identified: recombination events are considered to be the driving force of increased variation and the emergence of new subtypes. As yet, whole genome sequencing (WGS) is having limited impact on public health investigations, due in part to insufficient numbers of oocysts and purity of DNA derived from clinical samples. Moreover, because public health agencies have not prioritized parasites, validation has not been performed on user-friendly data analysis pipelines suitable for public health practitioners. Nonetheless, since the first whole genome assembly in 2004 there are now numerous genomes of human and animal-derived cryptosporidia publically available, spanning nine species. It has also been demonstrated that WGS from very low numbers of oocysts is possible, through the use of amplification procedures. These data and approaches are providing new insights into host-adapted infectivity, the presence and frequency of multiple sub-populations of Cryptosporidium spp. within single clinical samples, and transmission of infection. Analyses show that although whole genome sequences do indeed contain many alleles, they are invariably dominated by a single highly abundant allele. These insights are helping to better understand population structures within hosts, which will be important to develop novel prevention strategies in the fight against cryptosporidiosis. 
CORONA VIRUS SPREADS TO 12 HUMANS, I’M ASSUMING, IN THE USA. 	"Just about everyone I’ve come in contact with during the last few months has had pneumonia, or pnuemonia-like symptoms. Some became symptomatic with a new fever and cough after they had been treated with antibiotics and the initial fever was cured.
I also was diagnosed with pneumonia secondary to sepsis and would have died had I not sought treatment as quickly as I did. About four months later it, or something resembling it, reappeared prompting another course of antibiotic treatment, this time with an antibiotic of last resort, levofloxacin – the drug used to treat anthrax exposure and the plague , which is reportedly being discontinued in the USA in 2020 due to severe side effects and multiple reported deaths associated with the drug. The makers of a popular antibiotic have halted production on the drug amid safety concerns. Janssen pharmaceutical companies of Johnson & Johnson discontinued production of Levaquin in December 2017, including the oral and IV versions. However, Levaquin may still be available in pharmacies until 2020. Jul 17, 2018 In addition, our investigation obtained an FDA database of adverse effects and found 3,000 deaths and 200,000 complaints of serious effects associated with Levaquin and similar drugs.
If people can be tested for coronavirus, then it is imperative that anyone presenting with pneumonia-type symptoms be tested for that virus, if we are truly concerned about limiting it’s spread and not just paying lip-service to the reality on the ground by simply watching the devastation absent a plan to curb it.
There needs to be a more aggressive reporting and testing of anyone presenting with symptoms, no matter the age, gender, socio-economic status or location.
I do not believe the numbers being reported are accurate. They never are accurate. The government always waits too long to prevent panic. The public needs to know the truth so they can take their own measures.
People who have the virus need to be appropriately quarantined.
Can people be a carrier of the virus and not be symptomatic?
How long can a symptomatic person spread the contagion to others?
How long after initiation of treatment do they stay contagious?
Can humans spread the virus to other animals, dogs, cats etc. to whom they come in close contact?
Regarding restaurant workers who prepare and serve food and beverage: Can the virus in a contaminated person be passed onto the food and/or utensils?
Given that Asian restaurants use Asian vendors as their food suppliers, what is the government doing to protect the consumer, besides declaring the risk non-existent or minimal, when it isn’t actually known?
I, for one, will not be eating or drinking outside the home, since each time I became infected with whatever it was I initially contracted, it happened after eating and drinking at local restaurants.
What is the government telling restaurant workers and their bosses about requiring infected workers to come to work?
What do these workers do if time off leads to insufficient funds for paying bills. Any grace periods being offered, and short term no-interest loans?
The government and news outlets need to exercise extreme caution when dismissing the impact of the existing threat. Pandemonium can occur, if and when the masses believe the government is feeding them lies for the purpose of protecting individual small and large business interests.
My own primary care person doubted whether I even had pneumonia. Even though I was treated in the hospital for four days, nobody told me I had sepsis. I had to learn that on my own by requesting my medical records that showed it.
A cable network station needs to be set up presenting facts and news about the coronavirus 24/7 from around the world in real time – not a month later.
Inform, inform, inform. "
What you don’t know about the Corona virus but should. 	"The Corona virus is top of the global news. Airliners are suspending operations between China and destinations abroad. The economy and oil are having massive drops. But there are thing you are not aware off, but should.
Last year some chinese agents where caught smuggling the Coronavirus. They where linked to the Chinese biowarfare program.
But there is even more history.
On June the 13th 2012 a Saudi men was admitted to the Jeddah hospital. He had a 1 week old fever. later the Corona virus was found in him.
Above are the photos taken in Jeddah.
From Jeddah the Canadian National Lab obtained the corona virus.
In Canada the Corona virus was being used for testing and developing some form of remedy.
In 2019 the corona virus was send from Canada to China. We need to raise a interesting question. Why is Canda sending the Corona virus to China? Canda is supposed to be a ally of the west and it is clear that China is not going to be a western ally.
Many Chiense students have send to Canada and other top research facilities to research biological warfare. not to talk about the development of vaccines against it.
One of the expelled researchers was Dr. Quio. Engaged in developing the Chinese warfare program in the fields of Corona, Ebola, Nipah, Nile virus, Rift valley fever, and others.
At the moment is the investigation still going on. What did China obtained and what not?
Now we come to the Wuhan outbreak.
First of all, we need to be aware of the fact that China has built and certified it as BSL4. From a convenience perspective: it is only 20 miles from the sea market which was the center of the outbreak.
Look at the below map.
The Wuhan lab is active and operational for “the most dangerous diseases. Ebola, Corona, Sars to name a few.
In the past, they studied the opportunity to design a Corona based virus.
China is developing a biowarfare program. It is also investing in civil biotechnology and programs related to it. Around the world, China is sending its students to learn. After which they are coming home. With western knowledge.
Earlier they had a breakthrough. china military designed an Ebola based weapon, called JK-05. Not much more is known about it.
China is weaponizing bioweapons. They are not the first. The United States and Russia did the same.
The big question about the Corona outbreak is easy. Is it an accident or a test?"
Corona and sport cancellations: China stops doping controls. 	"0 Share W does he remember Zika? Long time no longer heard. In February 2016, five months before the Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games, the World Health Organization (WHO) declared global health emergency due to the mosquito-borne virus. The games were held under safety precautions, and the WHO lifted the state of emergency in November 2016. In November 2019, the Federal Foreign Office’s health service announced that the number of cases in Central and South America was declining. So much for the good news. The bad news: the corona virus causes far more problems than Zika. The disease has long led to cancellations. The Formula E race planned for March 21 in Sanya on the Chinese holiday island of Hainan is canceled. The same is threatening the Formula 1 Grand Prix, which is to be held at Shanghai four weeks later. At the end of last week, the organizers of the Tokyo Olympic Games had to emphasize that a cancellation of the games is currently not being considered. On Monday, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said they were working with the WHO to avoid negative effects on the games. Olympic organizers and association officials want to advise on how to deal with the virus. Since the weekend, Japan has been refusing entry to foreigners who have been in the Chinese province of Hubei in the past two weeks. Even people who have a passport issued in Hubei are no longer allowed to go to Japan.
Manon Priebe
Recommendations: 54 In Australia, Prime Minister Scott Morrison’s government imposed an almost complete ban on travelers from China. Exceptions are made only for Australian citizens, permanent residents and their relatives. The conservative head of government, heavily criticized for the ongoing climate and bushfire crisis, is resorting to rigorous means. The Asian Football Confederation is quickly coming under pressure. She had placed Chinese clubs’ home games at the end of the Champions League group stage at the end of next week – and more likely to give them a competitive advantage. However, Shanghai Shenhua is due to start in Perth next Tuesday, Shanghai SIPG the next day at Sydney FC – impossible under Morrison’s policies. This Tuesday, the East Asian associations want to advise how to deal with the Corona crisis. Hosting in a neutral place? That would not do justice to the fear of contagion expressed in Morrison’s entry ban, as it may seem exaggerated. Shift? Cancellation? The continental futsal tournament, scheduled for three weeks in Turkmenistan, has been postponed indefinitely. This also shows that Corona has been the greatest health challenge in sport in recent years. China’s anti-doping agency said on Monday that it had decided to suspend doping controls until further notice. Health protection is given as the reason. Who is this good news for? Not for equal opportunities, viewed objectively. If you look at doping plans from the past, you have black and white in front of you: the best performances of summer are made in winter. And how much of the competition is infected by the suspicion is not only demonstrated by every start of the Chinese swimmer Sun Yang. In any case, nothing can be heard of the end of the cynicism, which has already and especially in China, won in the fight of the Communist Party against Corona.
,"
The economic and financial impact of the Corona Virus: Shane Oliver. 	"The last few weeks have seen escalating concern that a new coronavirus (called 2019 novel coronavirus or nCoV) originating in the Chinese city of Wuhan in Hubei province will become a global pandemic.
Concern has been heightened after the World Health Organisation (WHO) declared the outbreak an “international public health emergency” on 30 January and the number of cases has continued to escalate.
While this is first and foremost a human crisis, there has been increasing concern that the associated disruption to economic activity will trigger a global economic slump.
Consequently, share markets have seen falls (ranging from three per cent for global and Australian shares to around seven per cent for Asian shares and 12 per cent for Chinese shares), commodity prices have fallen, and bond yields have collapsed again.
While the current situation is highly uncertain, the experience with SARS, bird flu, swine flu & Ebola highlight worst-case pandemic fears don ’ t usually eventuate.
What do we know about this Coronavirus
Here is a summary of information regarding nCoV:
Coronaviruses circulate in animals but can be transmitted to humans and affect the respiratory system. SARS in 2003 & MERS in 2012 were examples. Symptoms can be treated but there are no vaccines or antiviral drugs for them (at present). Like SARS, nCoV looks to have originated in wildlife markets in China.
So far there are over 24,500 confirmed cases worldwide, with 99 per cent of cases in China. But the number of cases is still rising rapidly and more/faster testing could mean many more with spikes in the number of new daily cases.
So far the mortality rate is running at two per cent which puts it above swine flu but well below SARS (which settled around nine per cent). And of those dying, its mainly been older people or those with pre-existing conditions (as with common flu).
Against this, nCoV has been more contagious with total cases well above those for SARS (8000) and patients can be contagious but without symptoms for one to two weeks.
Containment measures – notably in China – have been more aggressive and started earlier than in the case of SARS. These include restricting travel into and out of Hubei province and various countries have restricted (and in some cases banned) foreign travellers entering from China.
Past experiences
To provide some context it is worth reviewing past pandemics – both real and feared.
There were three influenza pandemics in the last century: 1918-19, 1957 and 1968. The 1957 and 1968 pandemics are estimated to have killed up to 4 million people. However, the 1918 Spanish flu pandemic was the most severe.
While the mortality rate was low, up to 50 million people died worldwide. With a big proportion of the population staying at home, economic activity was severely disrupted, although this was compounded by the ending of World War I.
US industrial production slumped 18 per cent between March 1918 and March 1919. Australian real GDP slumped 5.5 per cent in 1919-20 (but then rebounded 13.6 per cent in 1920-21). The share market impact is hard to discern given the ending of WWI, however US and Australian share markets rose through much of the pandemic period.
The SARS outbreak of 2003 is a more useful guide.
After emerging in China around February 2003, SARS infected about 8000 people (mostly in Asia) in 30 countries over a five-month period and had a mortality rate of about nine per cent. SARS had a big negative impact on the countries most affected as people stayed home for fear of catching it.
GDP in China, Hong Kong and Singapore slumped by over two per cent in the June quarter of 2003. Growth then subsequently rebounded.
Reflecting SARS, Asian shares fell in April 2003, even though global shares started to move out of a three year bear market from March. The April 2003 low in Asian shares coincided with a peaking in the number of new cases.
Most pandemics have taken 6 to 18 months to run their course and peter out as measures are taken to slow their spread (eg. hygiene, quarantining, banning gatherings, preventing travel). SARS ended quicker due to the nature of the virus and rapid action by authorities.
In 2005/2006, there was significant concern that a severe strain of bird flu (called H5N1), which was resulting in human casualties, mainly in parts of Asia where people had contact with chickens, would mutate into a form that was readily transmissible between humans.
However, this didn’t really eventuate and as such the economic impact was modest although it did cause bouts of volatility in share markets. Similarly, concern that the spread of swine flu would become a global pandemic rattled share markets for a while around April 2009, and Ebola did the same in 2014, but both quickly faded.
The economic and financial impact of nCoV
After strong double-digit gains over the last year and with investor sentiment pushing up to high levels indicating a degree of complacency, share markets were at high risk of a correction in mid Jan and the fears around coronavirus have provided the trigger.
Given their greater sensitivity to Chinese growth, commodity prices like Chinese shares are down by more and the Australian dollar has fallen to October lows below $US0.67. What happens from here depends on how long it takes for the outbreak to be contained. The higher number of cases than with SARS or swine flu suggests a greater economic impact.
But given the range of possibilities, the best way to get a handle on the economic and investment market impact is to consider several scenarios. Here we consider two.
1. Containment within the next month or two – the number of cases continues to rise but it remains mainly contained to China (and Hubei) and the number of new cases starts to peak in the next month or so. This would allow travel restrictions to be removed by the June quarter. Under this scenario:
GDP in China and parts of Asia would likely take a two to three per cent hit (taking Chinese GDP growth from six per cent year on year in the December quarter to three to four per cent yoy in the current quarter) as workers stay home and travel dries up. With the Chinese economy now being four times the share of global GDP it was at the time of SARS, this along with some drag on growth in developed countries would knock world growth to around 2.5 per cent year on year (from around three per cent). However, growth would rebound in the June quarter as travel restrictions are removed and things return to normal.
Australian growth could see a 0.2 per cent hit in the current quarter mainly due to the loss of Chinese tourists (which account for 20 per cent of tourism earnings and 0.2 per cent of GDP) but also lower raw material demand and an impact on confidence. With the bushfire impact this could see GDP contract, but growth would rebound in the June quarter.
Against this background share markets, commodity prices and the $A could still fall a bit further in the near term but would quickly rebound by the June quarter. Easier than otherwise monetary and fiscal policies - with more stimulus measures already announced in China - would aid this.
2. Global pandemic – the number of cases continues to escalate beyond China and aren’t contained until say mid-year.
This scenario would see a bigger and longer negativeimpact on economic activity. Global travel would collapse. Many would simply not come into work – a reasonable estimate is around 20 per cent of workers, although this might be spread over time.
This would see a sharp slump in global GDP and the risk of global recession. Australia would not be immune and would likely see two negative quarters of growth with flow on to education exports to China (which accounts for another 0.6 per cent of Australian GDP).
Share markets would likely fall sharply – maybe by 20 per cent or so - reflecting the huge economic uncertainty. Cash would be the place to be. The $A could fall to around $US0.60.However, economic activity would rebound quickly once it’s clear the pandemic is under control. Share markets are likely to anticipate this. But this wouldn’t occur till the second half of the year.
Concluding comment and what to watch
While there is reason for concern and it is easy to dream up nightmare scenarios, the experience with SARS, bird flu (with “predictions” it could kill as many as 150 million people) and the mini panic regarding swine flu and Ebola tell us that the worst case fears of pandemics usually don’t come to pass. Rapid containment measures provide some confidence this will be the case. As such, our base case scenario (with 75 per cent probability) is one of containment over the next month or two. This could still see more downside in share markets and bond yields in the near term, but they are likely to rebound by the June quarter as economic growth rebounds. The key things to watch are:The daily number of new cases – the SARS experience saw markets rebound once this showed signs of peaking.
The spread of new cases and deaths in developed countries – if this remains limited then markets will also get more confident that the economic fallout will be short lived."
Seafarers, Novel Corona Virus and other infections. 	"Seafarers are cautioned to follow health guidelines to prevent the spread of illnesses in view of the recent outbreak of Novel CoronaVirus (NCoV)
The International Transport Workers’ Federation (ITF) released an advisory for seafarers to take precautionary measures to avoid getting infected with NCoV.
The ITF advised seafarers to have minimal interpersonal exchanges with people from ashore, avoiding contact with people who show symptoms of flu or high temperature and taking care of personal hygiene including more frequent handwashing.
When entering Chinese ports, seafarers are expected to remain on board their ships and disembark their vessels only where absolutely necessary and must wear masks.
They should also avoid unprotected contact with live animals and ensure all animal products are thoroughly cooked.
An outbreak of respiratory illness caused by NCoV first identified in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China, has resulted in thousands of confirmed cases within and outside China.Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses that cause illness ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases such as Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome. NCoV is a new strain that has not been previously identified in humans.
It is a well-known fact that seafaring is one of the most hazardous occupations, in regards to personal health and safety concerns of seafarers.
Apart from accidents, seafarers are prone to certain serious diseases and health hazards due to the nature of onboard work, change in climatic conditions, type of cargo carried, working hours, materials being handled, epidemic and endemic diseases, and personal habits.
Because of their nature of work, seafarers are bound to visit many ports in different parts of the world and are thus exposed to various pandemic and epidemic diseases.
Infectious diseases are recognized as an occupational hazard in seafaring and are closely connected to the conditions of working and living onboard. These may either result from person-to-person transmission of infectious agents or through food, water or insects onboard ships or in ports, as well as from pre-existing conditions.
For a sick seafarer to be entitled to medical benefits under the POEA-Standard Employment Contract (SEC), he must have suffered work-related illness which is defined as any sickness resulting to disability or death as a result of one of the twenty-four (24) occupational diseases listed under Section 32-A of the said contract with the conditions set therein satisfied.
The list include infectious diseases that a seafarer may suffer during the effectivity of his contract which is defined as a disease resulting from the presence and activity of pathogenic microbial agents in the body.
These agents include pathogenic viruses, pathogenic bacteria, fungi, protozoa, multicellular parasites, and aberrant proteins known as prions.
Most infections relentlessly find entry points to human populations through diverse mechanisms.
Respiratory diseases are commonly acquired by contact with aerosolized droplets, spread by sneezing, coughing, talking, kissing or even singing like bronchitis, Pulmonary Tuberculosis (PTB), pneumonia, and sinusitis.
Gastrointestinal diseases are often acquired by ingesting contaminated food and water like Norwalk Virus, Salmonella, and Leptospirosis.
Others may be due to contact with animals/ insects/ bacteria like Malaria, Conjunctivitis (Bacterial and Viral), Tetanus, and anthrax.
There are other infections resulting in complications necessitating repatriation that are not in the list, including the recent outbreak of NCoV.
One of the requirements for an illness to be compensable is that the seafarer suffered said illness during the effectivity of the POEA contract.
Thus, it is imperative that his condition or symptoms must be documented while he is on board the vessel, such as headaches, fever, coughs, sore throat, chills, nausea, shivering and skin rashes, among others.
Otherwise, his claim for disability benefits might be denied due to failure to prove that said illness occurred while his contract is still in force."
Coronavirus Hyderabad: One-roof treatment centre for corona, other virus soon. 	"Chest Hospital will be developed as a special centre for treating the 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) and other highly-infectious viral diseases, such as swine flu, Ebola, zika and nipah.
A ward within the hospital, replete with the latest technology, will be set up for the purpose.
The special ward — to treat all infectious virus-related diseases under one roof — will be developed by next year at a cost of Rs 132 crore. At present, there is no centralised place in the state to treat such diseases.
The special room will house critical wards, isolation and general wards. The critical ward will be a 20-bed facility, while the isolation ward will have 60 beds and general ward will have 100 beds. There will be separate rooms for medical staff.
“Any patient suspected to be infected with these viruses will be put up in the general ward and tested. Those who test positive will be sent to the isolation ward or critical ward depending on the severity of the infection. Tests will be done separately for swine flu and corona virus, and then patients will be sent to the general ward. Meanwhile, patients suspected of more dangerous viruses like Ebola and Nipah will be directly sent to critical care wards,” said a senior official at the state health department.
“The centre will be set up in accordance with WHO guidelines. At present, special arrangements have been made at Gandhi Hospital, Fever Hospital and Chest Hospitals for treating patients with serious virus infection,” added the official.
"
Coronavirus: Google searches for Corona beer surge due to virus outbreak. 	"The coronavirus outbreak appears to have led to people fearing their favourite beer is linked to the deadly bug.
In the mistaken belief that the famous Mexican brand Corona may somehow be connected to the virus, searches such as “corona beer virus” have been surging.
The beer is famously drunk with a lime in the neck but it’s not connected to the virus in any way.
The virus first appeared in the Chinese city of Wuhan. So far 132 people have been killed and more than 6,000 infected.
media_camera Searches for ""Corona beer virus"" have surged as a result of the deadly outbreak. Picture: Google Trends
According to data from Google trends , “beer coronavirus” searches have increased substantially around the world since January 18.
Cambodia and Denmark topped the list of places which saw a surge in searches for the term.
Global searches of “corona beer virus” between January 18 and January 26 jumped 2,300 per cent.
In the same period, “beer virus” searches jumped 744 per cent and for “beer coronavirus”, 3,233 per cent.
media_camera Global searches for “corona beer virus” jumped 2,300 per cent between January 18 and January 26. Picture: Derek Moore
In Spanish, “corona” means crowns, and Corona beer originated in Mexico. But in English, the anatomical term “corona” is used for body parts resembling a crown.
A recent prank video showed a woman wearing a medical face mask and gloves, opening the Mexican beers and yelling “I’m getting rid of the virus”.
The coronavirus is named because its external cell structure has little crown-like spikes.
media_camera Coronavirus is named for its external cell structure.
Fears have been raised over a rise in coronavirus patients who’ve never been to China.
So far there have been 97 people tested in the UK for the virus, and dramatic video showed the moment hazmat-wearing paramedics quarantined a suspected patient in Birmingham.
Up to 200 people from Britain are expected to be flown back from Wuhan, the centre of the deadly outbreak, in the coming days.
"
Corona Virus, China & Shortage of Masks, Medicos. 	Behind the scenes, a small team of FBI agents spent years trying to solve a stubborn mystery — whether officials from Saudi Arabia, one of Washington’s closest allies, were involved in the worst terror attack in U.S. history. This is their story. On the morning of Sept. 11 last year, about two dozen family members of those killed in the terror attacks filed into the White House to visit with President Donald Trump. It was a choreographed, somewhat stiff encounter, in which each family walked to the center of the Blue Room to share a moment of conversation with Trump and the first lady, Melania Trump, before having a photograph taken with the first couple. Still, it was an opportunity the visitors were determined not to squander. One after another, the families asked Trump to release documents from the FBI’s investigation into the 9/11 plot, documents that the Justice Department has long fought to keep secret. After so many years they needed closure, they said. They needed to know the truth. Some of the relatives reminded Trump that Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama blocked them from seeing the files, as did some of the FBI bureaucrats the president so reviled. The visitors didn’t mention that they hoped to use the documents in a current federal lawsuit that accuses the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia — an American ally that has only grown closer under Trump — of complicity in the attacks. The president promised to help. “It’s done,” he said, reassuring several visitors. Later, the families were told that Trump ordered the attorney general, William P. Barr, to release the name of a Saudi diplomat who was linked to the 9/11 plot in an FBI report years earlier. Justice Department lawyers handed over the Saudi official’s name in a protected court filing that could be read only by lawyers for the plaintiffs. But Barr dashed the families’ hopes. In a statement to the court on Sept. 12, he insisted that other documents that might be relevant to the case had to be protected as state secrets. Their disclosure, he wrote, risked “significant harm to the national security.” The families were stunned. They knew that the success of their lawsuit might well depend on access to the FBI’s investigation into possible Saudi involvement in the plot by al-Qaida. In a federal courthouse in Manhattan, near where the twin towers once stood, the fight over evidence had already dragged on for more than a year. Now, as the judge prepared to rule on what documents would be disclosed, the Justice Department was digging in. Daniel Gonzalez wasn’t surprised by the hard line. A former street agent in the FBI’s San Diego field office, he was one of several retired investigators who had signed on to help the families. During the last 15 years of his FBI career, Gonzalez was a central figure in the bureau’s effort to understand Saudi connections to 9/11. But even on the inside, Gonzalez often felt as if his own government wanted no part of what he was finding. From the day of the attacks, the trail seemed to point to Saudi Arabia. First, there was the inescapable fact that, like Osama bin Laden, 15 of the 19 hijackers were Saudis. The first two flew in to Los Angeles in January 2000 and quickly made their way to a Saudi mosque. When they moved to San Diego a few weeks later, they turned for help to a middle-aged Saudi student whom the FBI suspected of spying for the kingdom. But as details of the 9/11 plot came into focus, the FBI line on possible Saudi involvement began to shift: When the evidence was assessed, FBI officials reported, there was no solid proof that the Saudi government or any of its senior officials deliberately aided the Qaida terrorists. Low-level Saudis with government ties might have helped the two hijackers in California, the bureau acknowledged, but there was no indication that they knew the men were terrorists — much less planning to murder thousands of Americans. Gonzalez knew he hadn’t seen all the evidence; he had just a corner of an investigation that stretched around the world. American intelligence agencies surely had pieces of the Saudi puzzle that even senior FBI officials might not be aware of. But what Gonzalez uncovered was troubling, and he knew that bigger questions about the plot were still unanswered. “My head was already flat from banging it against the wall,” he recalled. “But I thought, We’re not done.” Gonzalez, a tough, affable Texan, pressed on. With a small group of like-minded investigators in New York and California, he hunted down witnesses who had slipped away and circled back to clues that had been missed. The evidence they developed was nearly all circumstantial. But it added to the questions about the role of the Saudi government. 
The 2019-nCoV Corona Virus – An Internet Monk Primer. 	"There has been much talk and much misinformation being spread about the Corona Virus that is currently hitting China hard. As a statistician, I thought I would help to shed some light on the topic in terms that most of us can understand.
My data that I am using here is taken primarily from two sources:
1. The real time interactive map that John Hopkins University is using to present the current status and trend of the virus.
2. A Lancet Medical Journal article published a week ago and updated/corrected February 4th.
The first image is part of a map of China. The data was updated as of 7:43 p.m. EST on Thursday. It is changing rapidly! The largest red circles that you see represent the provinces that have at least 1000 cases. When I started writing this post earlier this evening, there was only one large red circle, it contained 22,000 of the approximate 31,000 cases. By 8:30 when I saved this map there were two large circles. By 9:00 p.m. there were three. Within the next day or two there will be several more. This by the way is only confirmed cases. There is likely a multiplier effect of those who had such mild symptoms, that they did not even register as cases.
So what do we know?
The virus originated in a market in Wuhan through animal human interaction.
Wuhan is a major transportation hub, and the start of the virus corresponded with the Chinese Lunar New Year, when many were travelling.
The virus is spreading at an exponential rate. The Lancet Journal article estimated a doubling of the number of cases every 6.4 days. From recent data, cumulative deaths are doubling about every four days.
In my graph below I show the cumulative number of deaths. I calculated a best fit line that shows the number of cumulative deaths equal to approximately 1.8 times the square of the number of days since January 20th. To simplify and illustrate: 5 days after January 20th the approximate number of deaths was 5 squared * 1.8 = 45. 10 days after January 20th, it would have been 10 squared * 1.8 = 180. Yesterday, 17 days after the baseline date our calculation is 17 squared * 1.8 = 520, slightly under the actual number of 637. By Sunday night the number of deaths will have climbed to 20 squared * 1.8 = 720. A week from then the number of deaths will in excess of 1300. A month from now, 5600. Two months from now, 16,500. I hope these numbers are inflated, but I don’t believe they are. By contrast, SARS killed around 800 people total.
It is spreading quickly because each person has been infecting approximately 2.6 other people.
Currently the virus is killing 2 to 3% of those known to be infected. This number is still very hard to judge as the number of true infections is unknown. Contrast this to SARS which killed 10% of those infected. 2019-nCoV is much less lethal than SARS, but much more contagious.
What does the future hold?
The authors of the Lancet study suggest that the virus will peak in Wuhan sometime in April or May. What the number of dead will be by then is anyone’s guess. The disease seems to be fairly unstoppable in China right now. Regions outside of Wuhan as experiencing the same exponential growth as Wuhan, but a week or two delayed. As they too become epidemic centers, the disease will continue to spread outwards.
So far, the rest of the World has been fairly fortunate. The virus has not been able to get much of a foothold outside of China. There are some countries as risk however, and places like Vietnam, Thailand, and Japan will bear close watching over the next two weeks. The greatest fear is that it might somehow make its way to a continent like Africa, where it is very hard to control the movement of people.
There is a possibility (the jury is still out on this) that people may be infecting others before they start to show symptoms. If so it will be very difficult to contain. Lancet warns that “Independent self-sustaining outbreaks in major cities globally could become inevitable because of substantial exportation of presymptomatic cases and in the absence of large-scale public health interventions.”
The authors of the Lancet study conclude:
Our findings suggest that independent self-sustaining human-to-human spread is already present in multiple major Chinese cities, many of which are global transport hubs with huge numbers of both inbound and outbound passengers (eg, Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, and Shenzhen)…
On the present trajectory, 2019-nCoV could be about to become a global epidemic in the absence of mitigation. Nevertheless, it might still be possible to secure containment of the spread of infection such that initial imported seeding cases or even early local transmission does not lead to a large epidemic in locations outside Wuhan. To possibly succeed, substantial, even draconian measures that limit population mobility should be seriously and immediately considered in affected areas, as should strategies to drastically reduce within-population contact rates through cancellation of mass gatherings, school closures, and instituting work-from-home arrangements, for example. Precisely what and how much should be done is highly contextually specific and there is no one-size-fits-all set of prescriptive interventions that would be appropriate across all settings.
My final thoughts.
Xenophobia (a prejudice against those from other countries) is on the rise in North America, especially against those who look Chinese. My city has a large prep school made up primarily of Chinese students. Many of them must be living fear of what is going on back home. They need our support and our prayers.
God, we pray for China.
We pray for those outside China, who have a real fear of this virus spreading to their countries. I think especially of places like Vietnam, Singapore, Thailand, Japan, and the continent of Africa.
We pray for the health workers and their families who risk their lives in treating this every day.
We pray for wise decisions from our political leaders.
We pray that effective vaccines might be developed quickly.
We pray for hope, where there seems to be not much.
Amen.
I leave you with a picture of Dr. Li Wenliang. He was one of the whistle blowers who warned the world of the dangers of this virus. He passed away this morning after contracting the virus himself. He was 34.
I will be resuming regular Friday writing at Internet Monk. More on that to come next week."
The coronavirus has nothing to do with Corona beer. But, some people seem to think so.. 	" A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A Chinese girl wears a plastic bottle as makeshift homemade protection and a protective mask while waiting to check in to a flight at Beijing Capital Airport on Jan. 30, 2020 in Beijing, China. The number of cases of a deadly new coronavirus rose to over 7000 in mainland China Thursday as the country continued to lock down the city of Wuhan in an effort to contain the spread of the pneumonia-like disease which medicals experts have confirmed can be passed from human to human. In an unprecedented move, Chinese authorities put travel restrictions on the city which is the epicenter of the virus and neighboring municipalities affecting tens of millions of people. The number of those who have died from the virus in China climbed to over 170 on Thursday, mostly in Hubei province, and cases have been reported in other countries including the United States, Canada, Australia, Japan, South Korea, and France. The World Health Organization has warned all governments to be on alert, and its emergency committee is to meet later on Thursday to decide whether to declare a global health emergency. Kevin Frayer, Getty Images Passengers wear protective masks as they arrive at Beijing Capital Airport on Jan. 30, 2020 in Beijing, China. Kevin Frayer, Getty Images Fullscreen A woman, who declined to give her name, wears a mask, Thursday, Jan. 30, 2020 in New York. She works in a doctor's office and said she wears the mask ""partly"" out of concern for the coronavirus. For the first time in the U.S., the new virus from China has spread from one person to another, health officials said Thursday. Mark Lennihan, AP Fullscreen A Guardia di Finanza boat patrol around the Costa Smeralda cruise ship docked in the Civitavecchia port 70km north of Rome on Jan. 30, 2020. More than 6,000 tourists were under lockdown aboard the cruise ship after two Chinese passengers were isolated over fears they could be carrying the coronavirus. - Samples from the two passengers were sent for testing after three doctors and a nurse boarded the Costa Crociere ship in the port of Civitavecchia to tend to a woman running a fever, the local health authorities said. FILIPPO MONTEFORTE, AFP via Getty Images Foreign tourists walk in the arrivals area at Beijing Capital Airport on Jan. 30, 2020 in Beijing, China. Kevin Frayer, Getty Images Fullscreen Passengers wear protective masks to protect against the spread of the Coronavirus as they arrive on a flight from Asia at the Los Angeles International Airport, Calif. on Jan. 29, 2020. A new virus that has killed more than one hundred people, infected thousands and has already reached the US could mutate and spread, China warned, as authorities urged people to steer clear of Wuhan, the city at the heart of the outbreak. MARK RALSTON, AFP via Getty Images Passengers wear face masks to protect against the spread of the Coronavirus as they arrive on a flight from Asia at Los Angeles International Airport, Calif. on Jan. 29, 2020. MARK RALSTON, AFP via Getty Images Passengers wear face masks to protect against the spread of the Coronavirus as they arrive on a flight from Asia at Los Angeles International Airport, Calif. on Jan. 29, 2020. MARK RALSTON, AFP via Getty Images Fullscreen A community worker checks the temperature of courier in an Express station on Jan. 29, 2020 in Hubei Province, Wuhan, China. Due to a transit shut down and lack of supplies, couriers have became the city's suppliers. The 2019 coronavirus (2019-nCoV), which originated in Wuhan, China, has infected 6078 people and killed at least 132, mostly in China. Getty Images, Getty Images Fullscreen Students line up to sanitize their hands to avoid the contact of coronavirus before their morning class at a hight school in Phnom Penh, Cambodia, Tuesday, Jan. 28, 2020. China on Tuesday reported 25 more deaths from a new viral disease, as the U.S. government prepared to fly Americans out of the city at the center of the outbreak. Heng Sinith, AP Fullscreen People wear protective masks as they pray at a Chinese temple in Chinatown in Bangkok, Thailand on Jan. 28, 2020. Thai health officials are stepping up monitoring and inspection for the new SARS-like coronavirus after the Public Health Ministry confirmed fourteen people are reported to be infected in Thailand. The virus has so far killed at least 106 people and infected over four thousand others around the globe, mostly in China. DIEGO AZUBEL, EPA-EFE Police and medical personnel take temperature tests of passengers on board an airplane at the airport in Zhoushan City, Zhejiang Province, China on Jan. 28, 2020. EPA-EFE A man uses alcohol to disinfect the grounds nearby the Wuhan Huoshenshan hospital construction site on Jan. 28, 2020 in Wuhan, China. Getty Images, Getty Images People wear masks at a metro station in Taipei, Taiwan, Tuesday, Jan. 28, 2020. According to the Taiwan Centers of Disease Control (CDC) Tuesday, the eighth case diagnosed with the 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) has been confirmed in Taiwan. Chiang Ying-ying, AP Residents wearing face masks shop at a market on Jan. 28, 2020 in Macau, China. Anthony Kwan, Getty Images Passengers wear face masks as the push their luggage after arriving from a flight at Terminal 5 of London Heathrow Airport in west London on Jan. 28, 2020. DANIEL LEAL-OLIVAS, AFP via Getty Images People line up to receive free face masks to protect themselves against the Wuhan coronavirus at a pharmacy in Tsuen Wan, Hong Kong, China on Jan. 28, 2020. JEROME FAVRE, EPA-EFE People line up to receive free face masks to protect themselves against the Wuhan coronavirus, at a pharmacy in Tsuen Wan, Hong Kong, China on Jan. 28, 2020. JEROME FAVRE, EPA-EFE Fullscreen Chinese police officers wearing masks stand in front of the Tiananmen Gate on Jan. 26, 2020 in Beijing, China. The number of cases of coronavirus rose to 1,975 in mainland China on Sunday. Authorities tightened restrictions on travel and tourism this weekend after putting Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province, under quarantine on Thursday. The spread of the virus corresponds with the first days of the Spring Festival, which is one of the biggest domestic travel weeks of the year in China. Popular tourism landmarks in Beijing including the Forbidden City, Badaling Great Wall, and The Palace Museum were closed to the public starting Saturday. The Beijing Municipal Education Commission announced it will delay reopening schools from kindergarten to university. The death toll on Sunday rose to 56. The majority of fatalities are in Wuhan where the first cases of the virus were reported last month. Betsy Joles, Getty Images Fullscreen An ambulance runs on an empty bridge in Wuhan, Hubei province, China on Jan. 20, 2020. According to media reports, Wuhan is widely considered as the origin point of the coronavirus outbreak. The virus outbreak has so far killed at least 56 people with around 2,000 infected, mostly in China. YUAN ZHENG, EPA-EFE Fullscreen Chinese tourists wearing a medical protection mask walk at the Red Square in Moscow, Russia on Jan. 26, 2020. The outbreak of coronavirus has so far claimed 56 lives and infected more than 2000 others, according to media reports. Russian health and immigration officials have taken action to screen those arriving at the country from China over the virus fears. MAXIM SHIPENKOV, EPA-EFE Fullscreen A member of staff carries out a disinfection operation at Seoul Station in central Seoul, South Korea on Jan. 27, 2020. South Korea confirmed its fourth case of Wuhan coronavirus, which has so far killed at least 80 people, mostly in China, and infected over 2,500 others. YONHAP, EPA-EFE Fullscreen Ivorian health workers from the National Institute of Public Hygiene check temperatures of international travellers arriving at Felix Houphouet-Boigny Airport, Abidjan, Ivory Coast on Jan. 26, 2020. According to reports, a 34-year-old Ivorian student returning from Beijing, China, is tested for coronavirus in Abidjan. The Wuhan SARS-like coronavirus outbreak has so far killed at least 56 people with around 2,000 infected, mostly in China. LEGNAN KOULA, EPA-EFE Fullscreen Chinese passengers, most wearing masks, arrive to board trains before the annual Spring Festival at a Beijing railway station on January 23, 2020 in Beijing, China. The number of cases of a deadly new coronavirus rose to over 500 in mainland China as health officials locked down the city of Wuhan in an effort to contain the spread of the pneumonia-like disease. Kevin Frayer, Getty Images Fullscreen A sign is seen on the door of the health center in Ivalo, Finland on Jan. 24, 2020. On Thursday two tourists visiting Finland from Wuhan in China went to a health centre in Ivalo, northern Finland, to seek treatment for flu-like symptoms which are suspected of being coronavirus. Tarmo Lehtosalo, AP Fullscreen Workers driving excavators at the construction site of a field hospital on January 24, 2020 in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China. The builders will complete the 1,000-bed hospital by February 3 to cope with the surge of 2019-nCoV patients in the city. Stringer, Getty Images Fullscreen A member of the China Eastern Airlines flight crew wears a protective mask on arrival at Sydney International Airport in Sydney, Australia on January 23, 2020. According to media reports, health authorities have been deployed to Sydney International Airport to screen passengers for the Coronavirus. Joel Carrett, EPA-EFE Travellers wearing face mask wait at the departure hall at West Kowloon Station on January 23, 2020 in Hong Kong, China. Anthony Kwan, Getty Images A Changi Airport staff member screens the body temperatures of arriving passengers at the Changi Airport in Singapore on January 22, 2020. Changi Airport via EPA-EFE Fullscreen A worshipper wearing protective mask offers prayers with Thai dancers performing to worship Lord Brahma, the Hindu God of creation, at the Chinese tourist popular spot of Erawan Shrine in Bangkok, Thailand on Jan. 20, 2020. Thai health official confirmed its found two case of coronavirus infected from two Chinese women tourist traveled from China's Wuhan city. RUNGROJ YONGRIT, EPA-EFE Fullscreen Medical staff carry a patient into the Jinyintan hospital, where patients infected with a new strain of Coronavirus identified as the cause of the Wuhan pneumonia outbreak are being treated, in Wuhan, China on Jan. 18, 2020. China on Jan. 19, 2020 reported 17 new cases of the new mysterious SARS-like virus linked to the Wuhan pneumonia outbreak that has killed two people and sickened at least 62, raising fears ahead of the Chinese New Year holidays where millions of people are expected to travel around the country. EPA-EFE Fullscreen In this Jan. 16, 2020, photo, travelers from China's Wuhan go through a quarantine station at Narita airport in Narita, near Tokyo. A fourth person has died in an outbreak of a new coronavirus in China, authorities said Tuesday, Jan. 21, 2020, as more places stepped up medical screening of travelers from the country as it enters its busiest travel period. Kyodo News via AP Professor Gabriel Leung, right, Chair Professor of Public Health Medicine, HKUMed, and Founding Director of the WHO Collaborating Centre for Infectious Disease Epidemiology leaves a press conference about the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak in Hong Kong, China on Jan. 21, 2020. JEROME FAVRE, EPA-EFE Fullscreen Vietnamese officials use a thermal scanner to check passengers upon their arrival at Noi Bai international airport in Hanoi, Vietnam on Jan. 21, 2020. China has recently confirmed more than 300 cases of the Wuhan coronavirus, with at least six deaths so far. EPA-EFE Fullscreen A notice explaining precautions to be taken by people traveling to Wuhan, China, is seen at a terminal of Rome's International Fiumicino airport, Tuesday, Jan. 21, 2020. Heightened precautions are being taken worldwide as a new strain of coronavirus has been infecting hundreds of people across the central Chinese metropolis. Gregorio Borgia, AP Fullscreen A person walks across the skybridge at Providence Regional Medical Center Everett where a man with the first case of Wuhan coronavirus in the United States is being treated on Tuesday, Jan. 21, 2020, in Everett, Wash. A U.S. resident who recently returned from a trip to central China has been diagnosed with the new virus. Health officials said Tuesday that the man returned to the Seattle area in the middle of last week after traveling to the Wuhan area, where the outbreak began. Olivia Vanni, The Herald via AP Travelers arrive at Tom Bradey International Terminal at LAX serving Los Angeles, Calif. on Jan. 21, 2020. According to reports, the coronavirus has killed at least six and infected hundreds in China, with one confirmed case in the United States. DAVID SWANSON, EPA-EFE Fullscreen Workers spray antiseptic solution on the arrival lobby amid rising public concerns over the possible spread of a new coronavirus at Incheon International Airport in Incheon, South Korea, Tuesday, Jan. 21, 2020. Heightened precautions were being taken in China and elsewhere Tuesday as governments strove to control the outbreak of a novel coronavirus that threatens to grow during the Lunar New Year travel rush. Suh Myung-geon, AP Fullscreen Dr. Scott Lindquist, Washington state epidemiologist for communicable disease, speaks during a press conference about the first confirmed U.S. case of a virus known as the 2019 novel coronavirus at the state Public Health Laboratories on Jan. 21, 2020 in Shoreline, Washington. The patient diagnosed with the virus, also known as the Wuhan coronavirus, is recovering in isolation at a hospital in Everett, Wash. David Ryder, Getty Images Christian Drosten, director of the institute for virology of Berlin's Charite hospital stands next to a centrifuge after an interview with the Associated Press on his researches on the coronavirus in Berlin, Germany, Tuesday, Jan. 21, 2020. Michael Sohn, AP Fullscreen A girl wears a protective mask as she is held by a relative as they wait to board a train at Beijing Railway station before the annual Spring Festival on Jan. 21, 2020 in Beijing, China. The number of cases of a deadly new coronavirus rose to nearly 300 in mainland China Tuesday as health officials stepped up efforts to contain the spread of the pneumonia-like disease which medicals experts confirmed can be passed from human to human. The number of those who have died from the virus in China climbed to six on Tuesday and cases have been reported in other parts of Asia including in Thailand, Japan, Taiwan and South Korea. Kevin Frayer, Getty Images Fullscreen Health officials watch thermographic monitors at a quarantine inspection station at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang, Malaysia, Tuesday, Jan. 21, 2020.Countries both in the Asia-Pacific and elsewhere have initiated body temperature checks at airports, railway stations and along highways in hopes of catching those at risk of carrying a new coronavirus that has sickened more than 200 people in China. Vincent Thian, AP Fullscreen A Malaysia Health official checks passengers going through a thermal scanner upon their arrival at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang, outside Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia on Jan. 21, 2020. More cases of the mysterious SARS-like virus linked to the Wuhan pneumonia outbreak were reported in China on January 20, 2020, bringing the total number of cases to more than 200 with at least six deaths so far. AHMAD YUSNI, EPA-EFE Passengers walk past a poster alerting on coronavirus screening ahead upon their arrival at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang, outside Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia on Jan. 21, 2020. AHMAD YUSNI, EPA-EFE Fullscreen A Chinese man kisses his partner goodbye while both wear protective masks as she leaves to travel home at Beijing Railway station before the annual Spring Festival on Jan. 21, 2020 in Beijing, China. The number of cases of a deadly new coronavirus rose to nearly 300 in mainland China Tuesday as health officials stepped up efforts to contain the spread of the pneumonia-like disease which medicals experts confirmed can be passed from human to human. Kevin Frayer, Getty Images Chinese travelers wear protective masks as they arrive to board trains at Beijing Railway station before the annual Spring Festival on Jan. 21, 2020 in Beijing, China. Kevin Frayer, Getty Images Fullscreen In this undated handout photograph released by the Ministry of Civil Aviation on Jan. 21, 2020, a thermographic camera screens the head of a man at Indira Gandhi International Airport in New Delhi, following the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare's advisory to screen passengers arriving in India from China including Hong-Kong regarding the novel coronavirus issue. Ministry of Civil Aviation via AFP Fullscreen Chinese children wear protective masks as they wait to board trains at Beijing Railway station before the annual Spring Festival on Jan. 21, 2020 in Beijing, China. The number of cases of a deadly new coronavirus rose to nearly 300 in mainland China Tuesday as health officials stepped up efforts to contain the spread of the pneumonia-like disease which medicals experts confirmed can be passed from human to human. The number of those who have died from the virus in China climbed to six on Tuesday and cases have been reported in other parts of Asia including in Thailand, Japan, Taiwan and South Korea. Kevin Frayer, Getty Images Interested in this topic? You may also want to view these photo galleries: "
Vaxil Announces the Identification of a Potential Corona Virus Vaccine and Provides an Update in the Previously Announced Debt Financing Seite. 	"NESS-ZIONA, Israel, Feb. 13, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- VAXIL BIO LTD. (“ Vaxil ” or the “ Company ”) (TSX VENTURE: VXL), an innovative immunotherapy biotech company specializing in cancer and infectious diseases, is pleased to announce that it has completed in silico analyses and believes that it has successfully identified a corona virus (COVID-19) vaccine candidate (“ Vaccine Candidate ”). The Vaccine Candidate is based on unique and patent protected signal peptide technology, utilizing Vaxil’s proprietary VaxHit bioinformatics platform. The Vaccine Candidate’s design is also based on successful in vivo experiments testing a tuberculosis signal peptide vaccine.
“We are very excited to have been able to isolate a preliminary candidate that might address the current and emerging need in such a short time,” said David Goren, Vaxil’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, who went on to say that “we look forward to the next step of identifying resources and partners to solidify the most efficient path forward.”
Mr. Goren continued to explain that “we have identified signal peptide combinations which we believe can be effective as a prophylactic vaccine against the current corona virus and might also demonstrate therapeutic value in the future.”
Vaxil plans to initiate non-GMP manufacturing followed by testing as we explore partnerships and other possibilities.
Vaxil also wishes to announce that it anticipates that the private placement previously announced on January 20, 2020, pursuant to which the Company will be issuing convertible debentures with a face value of $1,000 and bearing an annual interest rate of 10% for gross proceeds of up to $200,000 will close on or around February 28, 2020.
ABOUT VAXIL
Vaxil is an Israeli immunotherapy biotech company focused on its novel approach to targeting prominent cancer markers and infectious diseases. Its lead product ImMucin successfully completed a Phase 1/2 clinical trial in multiple myeloma and received orphan drug status from the FDA and EMA. The company continues to develop ImMucin and is also developing a tuberculosis vaccine / treatment that has demonstrated promising preliminary results with further preclinical evaluation underway at a top US academic and research institution. Additional indications and mAb candidates are under evaluation as immuno-oncology and infectious disease treatments alone and in combination with other treatments.
"
Corona Virus and Chinese Herbal Medicine Recommendations. 	"What we know is that a 100 plus strong team of Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) experts were dispatched to Wuhan, China, on January 25, 2020 to examine patients in hospitals with the Corona virus. The attached information has been presented by a number of TCM Doctors and is comprehensive listing of TCM diagnostics and Chinese herbal formulas suggested for treatment of the Corona virus, which presents much like pneumonia in Western medicine. As we know, SARS was treated successfully with Chinese herbal medicine when the outbreak occurred in China in 2002. The attached information is for practitioners of Chinese herbal medicine. If you are in need of any of these formulas please contact us at Info@PacHerbs.com. If you are not a practitioner and need any of these herbal formulas please contact us and we can help you find a Licensed Acupuncturist who has herbal training in your area for guidance. Thank you to the doctors in China who have shared this information. The goal here is to help spread the knowledge of Chinese herbal formulas that are best suited to combat this virus.
Links below Sars-Corona-Virus
Update: Jan. 30, 2020 We now know for certain the incubation time is 14 days without any symptoms. So no one knows if they are infected or infecting others. Please be cautious. Hand washing with soap and hot water is an obvious precaution. Face masks and goggles are being worn throughout China prevent the spread.
Sars-Severe Adult Respiratory Syndrome: Formulas for Prevention and Treatment (For TCM Herbalists)
Prevention of SARS (or Corona to take prior to ANY type of exposure)
1. 5 q Jin Yin Hua Lonicerae Japonicae, Flos
5 q Lian Qiao Forsythiae Suspensae, Fructus
3 q Chan Tui Cicadae Periostracum
3 q Bai Jiang Can Bombyx Batryticatus
2 q Bo He Mentae Haplocalycis, Herba
2 q Sheng Gan Cao Glycyrrhizai Uralensis, Radix (raw)
Make tea and drink throughout the day for 7-10 days
2. 4 q Cang Zhu Atractylodis, Rhizoma
5 q Bai Zhu Atractylodis Macrocephalae, Rhizoma
5 q Huang Qi Astragali Membranacei, Radix
3 q Fang Feng Ledabouriellae Divaricatae, Radix
4 q Huo Xiang Agastaches seu Pogostemi, Herba
5 q Bei Sha Shen Adonophorae seu Glehniae, Radix
6 q Jin Yin Hua Lonicerae Japonicae, Flos
4 q Guan Zhong Guanzhong, Rhizoma
Make tea and drink twice a day for 7-10 days
3. 2 q Guan Zhong Guanzhong, Rhizoma
3 q Jin Yin Hua Lonicerae Japonicae, Flos
3 q Da Qing Ye Daqingye, Folium
3 q Zi Su Ye Perillae Frutescentis, Folium
3 q Ge Gen Radix Puerariae
3 q Huo Xiang Agastaches seu Pogostemi, Herba
3 q Cang Zhu Atractylodis, Rhizoma
5 q Tai Zi Shen Pseudostellariae Heterophyllae, Radix
3 q Pei Lan Eupatorii Fortunei, Herba
Make tea and drink twice a day for 7-10 days
Other preventative measures:
*Chew on Xi Yang Shen (Panacis Quinquefolii, Radix) or make tea to drink throughout the day.
*Xi Yang Shen 1-2 q and Jin Yin Hua 5 q tea to drink once a day.
*Keep warm, don’t catch cold
*Sleep well
Possible exposure to SARS or CORONA (To take if any kind of exposure has occurred)
Soup:
½ of a tangerine peel
Sheng Jiang – Ginger – 3 slices
Cilantro bunch, maybe 10 sprigs
Make a soup and drink often
5 q Huang Qi Astragali Membranacei, Radix
5 Jin Yin Hua Lonicerae Japonicae, Flos
3 Chai Hu Bupleuri, Radix
3 Huang Qin Scutellariae Baicalensis, Radix
5 Ban Lan Gen Isatidis seu Baphicacanthi, Radix
5 Guan Zhong Guanzhong, Rhizoma
3 Cang Zhu Atractylodis, Rhizoma
5 Yi Yi Ren Coicis Lachryma-jobi, Semen
3 Huo Xiang Agastaches seu Pogostemi, Herba
3 Fang Feng Ledabouriellae Divaricatae, Radix
1.5 Sheng Gan Cao Glycyrrhizai Uralensis, Radix (raw)
1. Tonifies Qi, transforms damp, clears heat and toxins
3 Huang Qi Astragali Membranacei, Radix
5 Bai Jiang Cao Bombyx Batrytiatus
5 Yi Yi Ren Coicis Lachryma – Jobi, Semen
2 Jie Geng Platycodi Grandiflori, Radix
1 Sheng Gan Cao Glycyrrhizai Uralensis, Radix (raw)
2. *Clears heat, reduces toxins, drains dampness and dirty Qi, aromatically opens orifices
5 Yu Xing Cao Houttuyniae Cordatae, Herba cum Radice
2 Ye Ju Hua Chrysanthemi Indici, Flos
5 Yin Chen Hao Artemisiae Yinchenhao, Herba
3 Pei Lan Eupatori Fortunei, Herba
1 Cao Guo Amomi Tsao-Ko, Fructus
3. Clears heat, reduces toxins, dispels Wind, pushes evil out
5 Pu Gong Ying Taraxaci Mongolici cum Radice, Herba
*2 Jin Lian Hua – like Chuan Xin Lian
3 Da Qing Ye Daqingye, Folium
3 Ge Gen Radix Puerariae
2 Zi Su Ye Perillae Frutescentis, Fructus
4. Clears heat, releases exterior, dispels wind, takes out external evil
5 Lu Gen Phragmitis Communis, Rhizoma
3 Jin Yin Hua Lonicerae Japonicae, Flos
3 Lian Qiao Forsythiae Suspensae, Fructus
2 Bo He Menthae Haplocalycis, Herba
1.5 Sheng Gan Cao Glycyrrhizai Uralensis, Radix (raw)
5. Tonifies Spleen, Benefits Qi, Dissolves Dampness, Reduces toxins
3 Sheng Huang Qi Astragali Membranacei, Radix (raw)
2 Bai Zhu Atractylodis Macrocephalae, Rhizoma
3 Fang Feng Ledabouriellae Divaricatae, Radix
2 Cang Zhu Atractylodis, Rhizoma
3 Huo Xiang Agastaches seu Pogostemi, Herba
3 Bei Sha Shen Adenophorae seu Glehniae, Radix
3 Jin Yin Hua Lonicerae Japonicae, Flos
2 Guan Zhong Guanzhong, Rhizoma
6. Benefits Qi, Expels external evil, reduces toxins, dispels dampness
5 Tai Zi Shen Pseudostellariae Heterophyllae, Radix
2 Guan Zhong Guanzhong, Rhizoma
3 Jin Yin Hua Lonicerae Japonicae, Flos
3 Lian Qiao Forsythiae Suspensae, Fructus
3 Da Qing Ye Daqingye, Folium
2 Zi Su Ye Perillae Frutescentis, Fructus
3 Ge Gen Radix Puerariae
3 Huo Xiang Agastaches seu Pogostemi, Herba
2 Cang Zhu Atractylodis, Rhizoma
3 Pei Lan Eupatori Fortunei, Herba
The three Stages of SARS and the recovery period – (note, most formulas clear heat, toxins and damp)
1. Early stage – starts as a Wind Heat or Wind Cold cough with Shortness of breath
A. Heat and Toxins attack the Lung
B. Damp heat obstruction occurs
C. There is external cold and internal heat combined with Dampness
TX Principal: Clear heat, open the Lungs, release exterior, open the meridians
Formulas: Based on Yin Qiao San combined with Ma Xing Shi Gan Tang modified with herbs as appropriate for patient’s condition.
*If there is more Damp Heat blockage give San Ren Tang – (3 seeds Xing Ren, Bai Dou Kou, Yi Yi Ren to drain damp) or Huo Xiang Huo Po Tang (Huo Xiang, Hou Po, Ban Xia, Fu Ling to dissolve phlegm)
*If there is more external cold and interior heat with damp use Ma Xing Shi Gan Tang with modifications
*To assist in reducing toxins can add herbs like Yu Xing Cao, Lu Gen, Jie Geng, Chuan Xin Lian
2. Disease progressing – Congestion in body becomes worse, fever goes up and down, lung condition worsens, coughing with blood. This is more heat attacking the Lung causing External and internal heat congestion combined with Damp Heat toxins, and evil obstructs the Shao Yang Channel.
Tx principal: Clear heat and toxicity, drain the Lungs of turbid Qi
Formulas:
A. Heat toxin attacking the lungs – high fever, coughing with blood
Qing Wen Bai Du San with modifications
B. External and Internal heat congestion with toxicity Qing Fei Jie Du Tang
C. Damp heat congestion and toxicity Gan Lu Xiao Du Dan with modifications
D. Damp heat obstruction in the Shao Yang channel
Hao Qin Qing Dan Tang
3. Cllapse – Shock like state with severe sweating, respiratory failure. Here there is heat toxicity obstructing the Lungs, the Evil Qi is much more strong, the Zheng
Qi is severely deficient, there is severe Yin deficiency and internal obstruction with external collapse “Tou Zhen”
A. Phlegm Damp obstruction with heat toxicity –
Huo Xue Xie Fei Tang or Yi Fei Hua Zhou Tang
B. Obstruction of Lung Channel
C. Damp heat obstruction of the Lungs
D. Qi and Yin Xu
E. Evil excess, Zheng Qi deficiency
F. Internal obstruction – respiratory failure – here is where you need to open
Open the orifices, tonify and consolidate Qi
Sheng Fu Tang with modifications
Tx principal: Benefit Qi, release toxicity, transform phlegm and damp, open the meridians, resolve dirty phlegm, open orifices, tonify and consolidate Qi
4. Recovery stage – Pt is still weak with Qi and Yin deficiency, Lung and Spleen deficiency. Damp heat and toxins are still in the body
A. Qi and Yin Xu – tonify Qi, Nourish Yin, transform dampness in the meridians. Qing Shu Yi Qi Tang with modifications
B. Spleen and Lung Deficiency – Tonify Lu and Sp, clear heat and toxins, clears damp Sheng Ling Bai Zhu San
The Corona virus main cause or disease is damp toxicity, not heat toxicity with dampness. In treating heat toxicity with dampness, the strategy is usually to clear heat, resolve toxins and dispel dampness. However, when treating dampness toxicity that transforms into heat or retained dampness heat toxin, if you clear heat and resolve toxins using cold herbs to early this will inevitably exacerbate the dampness and lead to cold enveloping heat. Which then creates an adverse effect on treatment outcomes. So, in treating this disease, the focus should be on resolving turbidity with aroma out thrusting through the exterior and upbearing and down bearing the spleen and stomach. As dampness is resolved, depressed heat can disperse and toxicity will be unable to form – in this way symptoms will gradually resolve.
Transforming heat can progress into yangming brightness bowel repletion, which would exacerbate lung qi depression and block qi. Once yangming brightness bowel repletion is significant, dampness can very easily transform into damp toxicity, heat, toxicity and stagnation, eventually leading to severe qi reversal and the onset of MODS. (Multi organ dysfunction syndrome).
In some of the more severe cases where the patient is already on a respirator or ECMO (extracorporeal membrane oxygenation) the stomach and chest are always hot to the touch while the extremities are cold. This is a symptom of sepsis. So, a key aspect of treatment is resolving dampness, unblocking the bowels and draining turbidity in the early phase. In keeping with the above discussion, we selected Ma Xing Yi Gan Tang, Sheng Jiang San, D Yuan Yin, Hou pu Xia Ling Tang, Huo Xiang Zheng Qi San and Yin Qiao San as our base formulas and implemented a Chinese Medicine Protocol."
Research China: Uncertainty on the Rise on the Back of Corona Virus. 	"With the spread of the corona virus, uncertainty is increasing for the Chinese economy and thus the global economy and financial markets. The brewing Chinese recovery is likely to take a hit in the short term and GDP could be reduced by up to one percentage point in H1. The virus is at an early stage and it is difficult to judge how much it can spread before it gets under control. On the positive side, the government response has been faster and more drastic measures have been taken to contain the virus compared to the SARS epidemic in 2002-03. On the other hand, the virus seems more contagious than SARS and China’s transport system is significantly wider today. The Chinese New Year holiday that started last week poses a heightened risk of contagion. The economic impact is likely to be bigger this time as the service economy is a much higher share (54%) of the economy today compared with the 2002-03 SARS outbreak (42%). The Chinese economy is also a much bigger driver of global growth. A mitigating factor is that mainly the service sector should be hit, where the import content is small. However, retail sales could also suffer, which could hurt imports and inflation could see another push higher from reduced production in Hubel. The SARS epidemic lasted 3-4 months but it is hard to say if this is any guide. While the government response is faster, the new virus seems to be spreading faster. It is too early to judge when it will get under control. How fast is the virus spreading?
As of Monday morning 27 January the number of infected people has increased to 2,796 up from around 200 cases one week ago. 80 people have now died up from three a week ago. The virus has spread to all but one of China’s 31 provinces. The virus has also been registered in 11 other countries, which have reported a total of 40 cases with Thailand being hit the most with eight cases, while five cases have been registered in the US.
At a press conference on Sunday China’s top health official said the virus’s transmission ability is getting stronger and that it also spreads during incubation time. It means a person can transmit the virus before any symptoms have shown up. It makes screening at airports etc. less effective. It also came out on Sunday that as much as 5 million people had already left Wuhan, the centre of the virus, before the lockdown started on Thursday last week. Wuhan is a major transportation hub with 700,000 passengers normally passing through three stations. Some concerning stories circulate from Wuhan about people with symptoms that stay home out of fear of getting more sick at the crowded hospitals.How does it compare with the SARS virus in 2003?
The SARS virus continued to spread for 3-4 months in the beginning of 2003 before it got under control. Around 8,000 people were registered and 770 people died. Hence, it seems the mortality rate was higher than with the current virus. SARS was first registered in November 2002 in the Guangdong province but China did not report it to WHO until 10 February 2003, when 305 cases were reported and five people had died. The virus spread to many Asian countries and Canada was also hit with 44 people dying from the virus. The virus peaked around May and WHO declared the outbreak contained in early July.
Compared to 2003 the authorities have responded much quicker and taken more drastic measures to stop the spread. China has expanded the number of cities in lockdown now covering a population of 56 million people. Cultural sites such as the Forbidden City and parts of the Great Wall have been closed and movie theatres have also shut in many cities. China is building two new hospitals in Wuhan city, which are set to be ready within weeks. A leading group has been set up under the Standing Committee of the Politburo (the leadership of China) with the responsibility of leading the fight against the virus. Premier Li Keqiang will be heading the efforts to fight the virus, which means decision power will be strong compared to if decisions had to be taken at a lower level.
However, while the response is quicker the risk of contagion is higher today due to the much wider transportation network with a huge amount of trains, flights and cars compared to 2003. Around 50 trains per day were leaving from Wuhan to the big cities in China until the city was put in lockdown. The virus is also spreading at a critical point in time as people left last week for the Chinese New Year celebration on Friday last week. It is a time of year when typically 3-400 million people travel to reunite with their family. Finally, the virus is more contagious this time as it can also be transmitted during incubation time. How will it affect the economy this time?
During the SARS outbreak retail sales took a hit but overall growth was not affected much. However, the economic impact is likely to be bigger this time. The service sector is likely to take the main hit and is much bigger today (54% of GDP) than in 2003 (42% of GDP). People will stay home from movie theatres, concerts, restaurants and reduce travelling. China’s middle class is much bigger today and typically spends more on entertainment than low-income groups. Retail sales took a hit in 2003 with annual growth falling from 10% to 4.5% at the peak of the crisis. People stayed home from markets and shopping streets to avoid contagion. A similar effect is likely today, although it is likely to be mitigated by a much wider degree of online sales. The consumer sector has already been hit from higher food prices due to the African swine fever that has pushed up inflation and eroded purchasing power. The lockdown of pretty much all of the Hubei province will likely add to the upward inflation pressure. The Hubei province is likely to see a significant drop in GDP due to the lockdown. Hubei is 4% of China’s overall economy, so a 20% drop in GDP could subtract 0.8 percentage points from China’s GDP, all else equal. The New Year holiday is set to be extended for another week in several areas, which will lead to a direct reduction in output in the short term. Finally, the virus hits at a time when the economy is already fragile due to lingering effects from the trade war. The rising uncertainty could once again put investments on the backburner until it is clear how serious the effects from the virus will be.
On the positive side, the Hubei province is a smaller part of the Chinese economy than during SARS when Guangdong was the centre of the virus. Guangdong is China’s biggest province with more than 100 million people and 11% of China’s GDP.
The Chinese government will likely aim to mitigate the negative impact through some stimulus. However, it is more difficult to counter the drag on GDP, as it is partly due to a supply shock that hits production in one province. The likely temporary nature of the shock also makes it difficult to calibrate how much to ease and for how long. However, we do expect some kind of response at least to underpin sentiment and monetary stimulus as well as possible tax cuts could be on the table.
At this stage it is very hard to judge to overall impact on the economy, but based on the above factors a hit of around one percentage point could be on the table. It is likely to be a temporary effect and to be compensated by higher growth when the virus has come under control. This was the case with SARS, where retail sales growth for a while was higher than before the virus, as pent-up demand had built up. How much will it affect the global economy?
China’s economy is much bigger today than when SARS hit in 2003. The share of the global economy was around 9% in 2003 in PPP-adjusted terms and is 19% today. China is driving around one-third of global growth compared with around 20% in 2003.
A mitigating factor for the global economy is that the service sector is likely to take the biggest hit and the import content here is much smaller than in the manufacturing sector. The hit to the retail sector will also be felt among foreign companies but many of them produce goods for the Chinese market in China.
Nevertheless, there is likely to be some spill-over, not least due to the higher uncertainty, which hits at a time when sentiment is already low. Hence, there is a clear risk that the expected recovery in growth and PMIs could be somewhat delayed or at least be more muted. As in China, the effect should be temporary, though.
Global financial markets have also started to react with especially the Chinese markets taking a hit. Global bond yields and commodity prices have also moved lower. Given the strong rally in global equity markets in the beginning of the year, there is a risk that early profit taking triggers a correction due to the increasing uncertainty. Conclusion: rising uncertainty as we enter unchartered waters
We are in unchartered waters as a virus of this kind has not taken place in the more modern economy that China is today with much wider transport networks and being more integrated with the global economy. A hit to the Chinese economy is inevitable at this stage but we have to wait and see how the virus develops to evaluate how big the hit will be and how long it will last. "
Logistical and Technical Exploration into the Origins of the Wuhan Strain of Coronavirus (2019-nCoV). 	" A probable smoking pre-print has been released , funded by the Natural National Science Foundation of China:
“In summary, somebody was entangled with the evolution of 2019-nCoV coronavirus. In addition to origins of natural recombination and intermediate host, the killer coronavirus probably originated from a laboratory in Wuhan.”
This report is the product of a collaboration between a retired professional scientist with 30 years of experience in genomic sequencing and analysis who helped design several ubiquitous bioinformatic software tools, and a former NSA counterterrorism analyst. It considers whether the Wuhan Strain of coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is the result of naturally emergent mutations against the possibility that it may be a bio-engineered strain meant for defensive immunotherapy protocols that was released into the public, most likely by accident since China’s rate of occupational accidents is about ten-times higher than America’s, and some twenty-times more than Europe’s – the only other regions with high-level virology labs.
This mistake may have been precipitated by the need to quickly finish research that was being rushed for John Hopkin’s Event 201 which was held this past October and meant to gameplan the containment of a global pandemic . Research may also have been hurried due to deadlines before the impending Chinese New Year – the timing of these events point to increased human error, not a globalist conspiracy. Beijing has had four known accidental leaks of the SARS virus in recent years , so there is absolutely no reason to assume that this strain of coronavirus from Wuhan didn’t accidentally leak out as well. This is unlikely to be a plot twist in one of the novels Tom Clancy wrote after he started mailing it in.
Simply and horribly, this is likely to become another Chernobyl or Fukushima – a catastrophic illustration of mankind’s hubris and intransigence clashing with Nature, as fate again reaps a once unimaginably tragic toll.
Given that this outbreak was said to begin in late December when most bat species in the region are hibernating and the Chinese horseshoe bat’s habitat covers an enormous swath of the region containing scores of cities and hundreds of millions people to begin with, the fact that this Wuhan Strain of coronavirus, denoted as 2019-nCoV, emerged in close proximity to the only BSL-4 virology lab in China, now notoriously located in Wuhan, which in turn was staffed with at least two Chinese scientists – Zhengli Shi and Xing-Yi Ge – both virologists who had previously worked at an American lab which already bio-engineered an incredibly virulent strain of bat coronavirus – the accidental release of a bio-engineered virus meant for defensive immunotherapy research from Wuhan’s virology lab cannot be automatically discounted, especially when the Wuhan Strain’s unnatural genomic signals are considered.
– In 2002, Stony Brook first assembled a virus from scratch , building a polio-virus, and providing proof-of-concept for the creation, alteration, and manipulation of viral genomes.
– By 2015, conducting research that was met with an enormous amount of concern, scientists at UNC had successfully created a “chimeric, SARS-like virus” by altering the viral genome of a Chinese bat coronavirus’s spike-protein genes – sequences that code for the spikes that poke out from surface of viruses and allow them to unlock entry into hosts, in this case making the bio-engineered coronavirus incredibly contagious. This research raised eyebrows since it was clearly gain-of-function research – experimentation that seeks to increase a pathogen’s virulence, creating a more effective double-edged sword to counter – a practice banned in America from 2014 until December 2017 when NIH lifted the ban , specifically to allow research on this sort of virus. Looking at UNC’s gain-of-function research on coronavirus spike-proteins, which received its funding just before the ban was implemented and was only allowed to go forward following a special review, a virologist with the Louis Pasteur Institute of Paris warned: “If the [new] virus escaped, nobody could predict the trajectory.”
– But then oddly, in late January right as the pandemic was blooming, Dr. Ralph Baric claimed in an interview that people should be more concerned with the seasonal flu – despite having personally overseen the controversial engineering of a hyper-virulent strain of batty coronavirus just a few years back. Immediately discounting the burgeoning outbreak of an unknown coronavirus as a non-event seems particularly troubling for someone who’d trained two Chinese scientists on how to make hyper-virulent coronaviruses, especially when it’s hard to imagine that Dr. Baric was unaware his past colleagues were now working at the Wuhan Virology Lab, the epicenter of the outbreak.
– Scientists have expressed concern about China’s ability to safely monitor this BSL-4 lab in Wuhan since it opened in 2017: “ an open culture is important to keeping BSL-4 labs safe, and he questions how easy this will be in China, where society emphasizes hierarchy. ‘Diversity of viewpoint, flat structures where everyone feels free to speak up and openness of information are important.'” This lab is at most 20 miles from the wet market where the virus had been assumed to have jumped from animal to human. However the idea that a Chinese lab could have a viral sample escape is well-documented – as mentioned, one lab in Beijing has had four separate incidents of the SARS virus leaking out accidentally.
– Notably, the first three known cases from early December had no contact with that market , and roughly one-third of the initial exposed cohort had no direct ties to Wusan’s wild meat market , the original presumptive source of the virus.
– Since its discovery, scientists have been unable to fully determine the zoological origins of 2019-nCoV , it was initially thought to have passed through snakes, but now all that’s agreed upon is that it’s mostly bat in origin. This inability to derive an exact zoological source is exactly what would be expected if the virus had been artificially engineered to target humans as UNC already has, this doesn’t prove an artificial nature – but it is consistent with one.
– A full-genome evolutionary analysis of 2019-nCoV published in The Lancet concluded, “recombination is probably not the reason for emergence of this virus” since it seems that the Wuhan Strain isn’t a mosaic of previously known coronaviruses, but instead draws from distant, discrete parts of the coronavirus family tree – not how these viruses naturally evolve. Because even mixing and matching coronavirus genomes from every known mammal, scientists couldn’t find any possible combination that would explain those regions of the Wuhan Strain’s genome. The Lancet muses that a mysterious animal host could still be out there, however since they’ve already searched through every known possibility and been unable to find a match, another obvious explanation is that bio-engineering accounts for the inexplicable regions of the Wuhan Strain’s genome
– Perhaps most notably, a genetic analysis of the spike-protein genes – the exact region that was bio-engineered by the UNC lab in 2015, where Zhengli Shi and Xing-Yi Ge previously isolated a batty coronavirus that targets the ACE2 receptor just like this 2019-nCoV strain of the coronavirus does – indicates an artificial and unnatural origins of the Wuhan Strain’s spike-protein genes when they are compared to the genomes of wild relatives. Instead of appearing similar and homologous to its wild relatives, an important section of the Wuhan Strain’s spike-protein region shares the most genetic similarity with a bio-engineered commercially available gene sequence that’s designed to help with immunotherapy research. It is mathematically possible for this to happen in nature – but only in a ten-thousand bats chained to ten-thousand Petri dishes and given until infinity sense.
– Early research found that 2019-nCoV targets the ACE2 receptor , which is found in East Asians at roughly five-times the rate of other global populations, indicating that the Wuhan Strain 2019-nCoV was likely developed as part of a gain-of-function defensive project possibly linked to immunotherapy or vaccinations – never meant to leave the lab, but meant to serve as a Red Team to fight back against, not as an offensive weapon since the virus is likely wired to be much more virulent among Asian populations. Further support for this is the fact that the Wuhan BSL-4 virology lab was already actively looking into the risks posed from bat coronaviruses , and actively researching coronavirus treatments – by definition both of these projects would require live virulent strains of coronavirus.
– The Wuhan Strain of coronavirus, 2019-nCoV, appears to be transmissible even before its host shows any symptoms at all, making temperature-scanning at airports ineffective since hosts appear to be contagious for about a week before any symptoms emerge. This is in stark contrast with SARS, whose hosts weren’t contagious until they were symptomatic, allowing for its relatively quick containment. This chart is not from a peer-reviewed source but was claims to capture the comparative rates of infections between recent outbreaks. A recent pre-print now gives 2019-nCoV a rating of R4 , meaning each host passes the virus on to four new victims, a rate significantly higher than any past global viral outbreak.
– Following the aforementioned bat coronavirus bio-engineering research that was critiqued for being too risky in 2015 , in the paper from UNC eventually published the next year that describing their successful bio-engineering of a highly-virulent coronavirus derived from bats , researcher #8 is listed as one “Zheng-li Shi” attached to the “Key Laboratory of Special Pathogens and Biosafety, Wuhan Institute of Virology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Wuhan, China .”
– Zhengli Shi seems to have returned to Wuhan at some point since 2016, specifically to the Wuhan Institute of Virology’s Disease Engineering Technical Research Center , since she then appears in this September 2019 paper on the human behaviors most likely to lead to bat-borne coronavirus exposure in southern China , and in this pending preprint on the current outbreak of 2019-nCoV – just a sample of the dozens of coronavirus-related papers she’s published over a three decade career. And not only does she provide a direct chain of expertise tying the already successful bio-engineering of a virulent bat-based coronavirus at UNC directly to the BSL-4 virology lab in Wuhan, but back in January 2014 she’d received a $665,000 grant from NIH for a study titled The Ecology of Bat Coronaviruses and the Risk of Future Coronavirus Emergence (NIAID R01 AI1 10964) as well as $559,500 more from USAID for a study titled Emerging Pandemic Threats PREDICT_2China (Project No. AID-OAA-A-14-00102). Beyond this American funding specifically into viral diseases zoonotically transferring from animals to humans which would slipped in just before the ban, over the years she’s also received around $3 million in grants to study these zoonotic viruses from China and other countries, and has served on the editorial board of several virological research magazines. More of her research into the intersection of coronaviruses like the Wuhan Strain and their epidemic potential was funded by the U.S. Department of Defense, the U.S. Threat Reduction Agency, and U.S. Biological Defense Research Directorate of the Naval Medical Research Center.
– And so a scientist who’s been prolifically involved with studying the molecular interaction of coronaviruses and humanity, spending decades and millions of dollars, and having even helped build a hyper-virulent coronavirus from scratch at UNC – just so happens to be working at the only BSL-4 virology lab in China that also just so happens to be at the epicenter of an outbreak involved a coronavirus that’s escaping zoological classification and whose novel spike-protein region shares more in common with a commercial genetic vector than any of its wild relatives, and has other unnatural characteristics that will be discussed below.
– Another Chinese virologist, Xing-Yi Ge, appears as an author on the 2016 UNC paper and is also attached to the lab in Wuhan. Previously in 2013, he’d successfully isolated a SARS-like coronavirus from bats which targets the ACE2 receptor , just like our present virus, the Wuhan Coronavirus 2019-nCoV. And it turns out that the Wuhan Strain’s ACE2 receptor’s genes are quite unique: they’re almost identical to SARS’s spike-protein genes – despite the fact that almost none of the two coronavirus’s genomes are similar anywhere else at all . Beyond that, although the Wuhan Strain’s spike-protein genome differs from SARS in four out of the five most important genomic spots that determine binding to the ACE2 receptor , they surprisingly don’t effect the protein-spike’s shape. And in an even bigger coincidence, these four spots also code for the outside region of the spike that allows entry into cells, and do not effect it either – allowing the Wuhan Strain to still use the ACE2 receptor to unlock cells while possibly gaining additional capabilities. The odds that this concordance was bio-engineered into the virus are several orders of magnitude more likely than for this to randomly have evolved in nature.
– Numerous videos purportedly from inside hospitals in Wuhan depict a crisis that is far greater than the numbers released by China to date. There is widespread but unverified online reporting that Wuhan crematoriums have been running 24/7, which is consistent with a recent peer-reviewed study that claims that as of January 25, Wuhan had over 75,000 infections – when the official number was just 761 . Chinese language social media also reflects a sense of panic and desperation that is highly discordant with the numbers being released by the Chinese government. Who, notably, are refusing any direct assistance from the American CDC. (Evidence that China is vastly downplaying this pandemic’s severity: Example 1 . Example 2 . Example 3 . Example 4 . Example 5 . Example 6 .)
– Additionally, although another since-retracted pre-print noted several very short genomic sequences in 2019-nCoV’s spike-protein gene that look far more similar to sequences found in HIV than to other coronaviruses – critics quickly pointed out that the shared homology didn’t reach statistical significance. However a closer look at the data reveals that there were a few small shared genomic segments that, despite being physically separated from each other along each strand of DNA, all worked together to code for the Wuhan Strain’s protein-spike’s crucial receptor binding site. Something that is highly unlikely to have happened by chance. And despite most of its protein-spike being shared with SARS, these substituted segments weren’t shared at all – nor were they found in any other coronavirus.
– Critics have brushed off the Wuhan Strain’s shared homology with HIV as statistically insignificant, however clinical reporting indicates that the Wuhan Strain may be using this shared HIV homology to attack CD4 immune cells just like HIV does, as an unusually high percentage of patients are showing low white blood cell counts , especially the sickest ones. This pathogenicity may well be due to the unique HIV-live genomics of the Wuhan Strain, as one white-paper by LSU’s professor emeritus of Microbiology, Immunology, and Parasitology who’s also a Harvard-educated virologist with a PhD in Microbiology and Molecular Genetics notes: “This is the first description of a possible immunosuppressive domain in coronaviruses or nCoV2019. The three key [mutations] common to the known immunosuppressive domains are also in common with the sequence from [the spike-protein]. While coronaviruses are not known for general immunosuppression of the style shown by HIV-1, this does not rule out immunosuppression at the site of active infection in the lung, which would prolong and potentially worsen infection at that site.”
– And it should be noted that SARS – much ballyhooed as a close relative to the Wuhan Strain – didn’t notable effect white blood cell counts . Additionally, clinical treatment guides published online in late January by established Chinese medical sources note the progressive reduction of white blood cells, as well as the importance of monitoring this decline. And reporting from Thailand indicates that adding a cocktail of two different anti-HIV drugs to the typical flu treatment regime seemed to effectively knock back the Wuhan Strain.
– In a highly concerning turn, scientists have noted that the Wuhan Strain can have a “striking” short term rate of mutation which doesn’t indicate an artificial origin but captures the unique threat posed by this coronavirus regardless of its providence, since a faster mutation rates makes it more likely this virus can dodge testing and neutralize vaccines. Something there is already early evidence for .
– Giving further credence to the idea that the Wuhan Strain was bio-engineered is the existence of a patent application that looks to modulate a coronavirus’ spike-protein genes – the precise region altered by Zhengli Shi at UNC to make a hyper-virulent strain of coronavirus, and whose alteration and adaptation would explain the Wuhan Strain’s unusual behavior as discussed above.
– And curiously, the head of Harvard’s Chemistry Department, Dr. Charles Lieber, was arrested in the midst of this outbreak on charges that he’d been accepting millions of dollars in bribes from the Chinese government . According to his charging documents, Dr. Lieber first went to the Wuhan University of Technology (WUT), in November 2011 to participate in a nanotechnology forum, which was when he was recruited into a bribery scheme that would net him several million dollars to “establish a research lab and conduct research at WUT,” which became known as ” Joint Nano Key Laboratory,” as well as mentor and advocate for graduate students. By 2015, Dr. Lieber appeared to be fairly intimately involved with what seemed to begin as simply a nanotechnology lab, but now had shifted to involve biology as well, since he described visiting the lab multiple times per year “as we try to build up the nano-bio part of the lab.” Whether or not this nano-bio part of the Nano Key Laboratory is related to Wuhan’s BSL-4 virology lab isn’t clear, however if the Wuhan Strain was bio-engineered, technology classified as “nano-bio” would’ve almost certainly played a role.
Given the above facts, either:
– A coronavirus spontaneously mutated and jumped to humans at a wet market or deep in some random bat cave which just so happened to be 20 miles from China’s only BSL-4 virology lab, a virus with an unusually slippery never-before-seen genome that’s evading zoological classification, and whose spike-protein region which allows it to enter host cells appears most like a bio-engineered commercial product, that somehow managed to infect its first three and roughly one-third of its initial victims despite them not being connected to this market, and then be so fined-tuned to humans that it’s gone on to create the single greatest public health crisis in Chinese history with approaching 100 million citizens locked-down or quarantined – also causing Mongolia to close its border with its largest trading partner for the first time in modern history.
– Or, Chinese scientists failed to follow correct sanitation protocols possibly while in a rush during their boisterous holiday season, something that had been anticipated since the opening of the BSL-4 lab and has happened at least four times previously, and accidentally released this bio-engineered Wuhan Strain – likely created by scientists researching immunotherapy regimes against bat coronaviruses, who’ve already demonstrated the ability to perform every step necessary to bio-engineer the Wuhan Strain 2019-nCov – into their population, and now the world. As would be expected, this virus appears to have been bio-engineered at the spike-protein genes which was already done at UNC to make an extraordinarily virulent coronavirus. Chinese efforts to stop the full story about what’s going on are because they want the scales to be even since they’re now facing a severe pandemic and depopulation event. No facts point against this conclusion."
Dr. Brownstein: Corona Virus is Nothing New – Here’s What to Do. 	"So, what can you do? Wearing a mask will not help protect you from becoming ill with any viral infection—corona virus included. I would check that off the list.
First, it is important to maintain optimal levels of nutrients, particularly vitamins A, C, and D.
Most people have suboptimal vitamin A and C levels. Both of these nutrients have antiviral abilities and are able to support the immune system when it is under viral attack.
If you are not ill, I suggest taking 3-5,000 mg/day of vitamin C. At the first sign of an illness, I would suggest taking 1,000 mg/hour until diarrhea develops, then back off for a time period.
For vitamin A, I suggest using 5,000 Units/day if you are not sick and 100,000 Units/day for four days at the first sign of an illness. Pregnant women cannot take these doses. (Note: Take vitamin A, not beta carotene.)
Also, vitamin D is very important for fighting infections. I suggest, at the onset of an illness, taking 50,000 IU of vitamin D3/day for four days.
Iodine is essential to not only fighting off an infection it is necessary for proper immune system functioning. There is no bacteria, virus, parasite or fungus that is known to be resistant to iodine.
As I have written in my book, Iodine: Why You Need It, Why You Can’t Live Without It, most of the population is low in iodine. If fact, iodine levels have fallen nearly 60% over the last 40 years.
The RDA for iodine is inadequate to supply enough iodine for all the bodily tissues. For the majority of my patients, I suggest taking 25 mg/day as a daily dose and more (sometimes 50-100 mg/day) at the first sign of an illness. Iodine can cause adverse effects and it is best used under the guidance of an iodine-knowledgeable doctor. "
Worried About ‘Corona Virus’ Or The Flu? Here’s The Best Practices to Avoid Getting Sick. 	"Bat flu , bird flu, swine flu; it seems like every few years there is a new animal-related illness lurking around every corner, looking to catch your immune system at its weakest.
Some of the best practices to avoid getting sick are the same things grandma tried to teach you: don’t put your hands in your mouth, always wash your hands, don’t stay out in the cold…the simple stuff. There are a few other points of advice and products that may save you during flu season.
1. Stay Clean or Stay Sick The easiest way to stay sick is to be dirty. You already know to wash your hands frequently and keep some hand-sanitizer handy, but letting germs fester around can prevent a speedy recovery.
Get healthier faster by ensuring that you shower often, wear clean clothes and keep your bedding clean. Whether you’re sweating, sneezing or having a runny nose, keep all your garments even cleaner than you normally would. Consider anything that has touched your body while you’re sick a contaminated item.
2. Be Cautious When Traveling Not only does traveling mean you’re exposed to a higher volume of people, you may be required to heighten your levels of caution depending on where you go.
Crowded travel means increased risk (via creative commons)
The Center for Disease Control (CDC) has a handy website you can use to get medical advice based on where you’re traveling.
You may be recommended certain vaccines, medicines or, in many places around the world you need to be cautious about the drinking water. Avoid ice cubes and purchase your own bottled water to circumvent waterborne bacteria.
In addition to the above, there are items you may want to think about buying to help you get back on your feet and back to work as soon as possible.
Consider some of the following items when the dark days of winter are upon us.
Avoid ice cubes and buy your own bottled water (via creative commons)
3. Nasal Care You’ll want to avoid some products from different parts of the world, they may be illegal in the United States or possibly include addictive or dangerous steroids. You can easily find some nasal drops or spray at your local pharmacy, this one from NasalCrom boasts that it is steroid-free and is non-drowsy.
Navage nasal cleaner (via Amazon.com)
If you’re a little braver, consider purchasing a Navage Nasal Care system , it may be a little awkward at first, but flushing out your nasal passage with a salt solution is a safe, organic way to finally get some relief.
4. Humidify Your Life If you ever wake up with a dry mouth or throat, or find that the inside of your nose is dry and even scabbed, it’s likely that your air is too dry.
It’s hard to pinpoint if you’re not familiar, but once you humidify your room you’ll start to notice a huge difference.
Don’t be scared, it’s just water (via Amazon.com)
Amazon’s choice (and a lot of customer’s) for a humidifier is the Cool Mist Humidifier by PurSteam. They’re simple: fill with water, set the level of humidity, and the humidifier sprays water into the air to retain moisture.
Be sure to note room size when purchasing a humidifier, you’ll need a model that is specific to the size of the area.
After as little as one night, you may start to notice you just solved a problem you never knew you had.
5. Get Quality Sleep In addition to your clean sheets and humidifier, you might want to consider a weighted blanket . A good night’s sleep is important to recovery, and anything that could get you into REM sleep faster is surely worth looking into.
Photographer not included with blanket (via Amazon.com)
For anyone who has a sleep disorder, or just finds that they feel uncomfortable or fidgety in bed, this blanket comes highly recommended.
It still folds away and doesn’t trap in heat. It may seem like a foreign concept, but it works for a lot of people.
6. Get Your Daily Dose While it’s true that your day-to-day doesn’t necessarily require a constant stream of vitamins, when the feeling of getting sick is coming on or if you’re not getting the nutrients you need, vitamins are a simple replacement.
Pop some Vitamin C when your throat is feeling dry or you’re feeling a bit weak. If you’re burning the candle at both ends, and not getting enough fresh air and sunlight, stock up on Vitamin D . Even consider some iron supplements if you feel like you’re not eating as healthy as you should, and lacking energy.
No matter what remedy you choose, nothing beats rest, sanitation, and living a healthy and active lifestyle. It’s way easier to get sick in a dirty environment, so keep that desk (and your sheets) clean, and you’ll be back to work quicker than you can drink that delicious bat soup ."
Novel Coronavirus (nCoV 2019) Outbreak in China. 	"Globalization has led to people traveling more frequently and covering far more distances, living and dense populations and coming in contact with wild animals. All this has increased the risk of new diseases called emerging infections, defined by WHO as “Emerging infectious diseases are infections that have recently appeared within a population or those whose incidence or geographic range is rapidly increasing or threatens to increase in the near future” . Since 1970, more than 40 infectious diseases have been discovered. Recent discoveries in this list include; Sever Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), Middle Ease Respiratory Syndrome (MERS), Ebola, chikungunya, avian flu, swine flu and Zika. Recently a new infectious disease was discovered in the month of December 2019 in China which is named as Novel Coronavirus Disease. Corona Viruses are a family of viruses which can cause symptoms ranging from common cold to serious diseases. SARS and MERS belong to the same family with associated mortality rate of 10% and 37% respectively. On 19 th December 2019, a number of pneumonia like cases were reported with unknown cause from Wuhan China. Clinically this disease resembled viral pneumonia. Further investigations into the cases lead to the discovery of new virus which was named 2019 Novel Corona Virus (2019-nCoV).
Extent of Outbreak As of 26 th January 2020, total number of nCoV cases was 2014. Out of these, 1985 cases were reported from China and 29 cases were reported from ten other countries. Infections have been confirmed in France, South Korea, Japan, Nepal, Thailand, Singapore, Vietnam, Taiwan, Australia and the United States. Out of these reported cases 56 deaths have been confirmed so far. Majority of the people who have died were elderly and suffering from other chronic diseases. However deaths of a young man as well as health care workers have also been reported. What we know about the disease features? Scientists and infectious disease expert have studied cases and their features. Common symptoms of the disease include; Fever, Cough, Myalgia/Fatigue and Difficulty in breathing. Other less common symptoms include; Sputum, Headache, Hemoptysis, Diarrhea. The complications include; Acute respiratory distress syndrome, RNAemia (presence of RNA in blood) and Acute Cardiac Injury. How does it spread? The exact mechanism of spread is not known yet. However preliminary investigations reported that outbreak could be due to eating or touching some infected food in seafood market. However cases were also reported from other markets. Human to human transmission is also under consideration given the respiratory nature of the disease, it highly likely that human to human transmission is possible mechanism. Experts are considering human to human transmission as most plausible cause of such an extensive outbreak. It is estimated that each case can infect 2.6 (uncertainty range: 1.5-3.5) other persons.
What has been done so far? As of yet WHO has not given the status of Global Health Emergency to this nCoV infection because of limited information available. However there is continuous surveillance of cases and coordination with relevant authorities in China as well as globally to monitor the status of outbreak. China has banned all outbound flight from Wuhan to other places. Additionally china also closed all social and religious festivals where large numbers of people gather and there is high risk of spread of disease.
Other countries have also taken measures at entry points where people are screened from symptoms and possible contact history. WHO has also urged other countries to be prepared for containment, including active surveillance, early detection, isolation and case management, contact tracing and prevention of onward spread of 2019-nCoV infection, and to share full data with WHO. Countries need to focus on reducing/preventing human cases, stop spread locally as well internationally through active surveillance. Global community should continue to support and show solidarity with each other.
How can we protect ourselves and prevent further spread of the disease? Although things are not known with precision, however based on available data and information, WHO has given certain recommendations for individuals to protect themselves from such an infection. Frequently clean hands by using alcohol-based hand rub or soap and water; When coughing and sneezing cover mouth and nose with flexed elbow or tissue – throw tissue away immediately and wash hands; Avoid close contact with anyone who has fever and cough; If you have fever, cough and difficulty breathing seek medical care early and share previous travel history with your health care provider; When visiting live markets in areas currently experiencing cases of novel coronavirus, avoid direct unprotected contact with live animals and surfaces in contact with animals; The consumption of raw or undercooked animal products should be avoided. Raw meat, milk or animal organs should be handled with care, to avoid cross-contamination with uncooked foods, as per good food safety practices."
As The World Panic Over 2019 Ncov Economic Minister Could Horse Around. 	As The World Panic Over 2019 Ncov Economic Minister Could Horse Around As The World Panic Over 2019 Ncov Economic Minister Could Horse Around It is the in the same vein as Tun Dr Mahathir's earlier in-denial statement of the Wuhan Coronavirus virus epidemic to allow tourist from China in.Economic Minister, Datok Seri Mohamed Azmin Ali was equally in-denial yesterday to say the economic implication is too early to tell.There was also the reaction of Tourism Minister, Dato Mohamaddin Katapi to directive by Putrajaya mosque to disallow non-Muslim tourist visit.He requested tourism attractions to not deny tourist to visit. Earlier he said Malaysia should not discriminate against China tourist.In the midst of this dangerous outbreak, the government seemed more concern on achieving the 30 million targeted tourist arrivals for VMY2020 than the safety of its citizens. This sort of mindless statement do more damage to the industry.Similar in situation with Nero fiddled while Rome burned.Failed leadership under crisis Mahathir took the problem lightly with the excuse there is no place to quarantine 2 million China tourists.By downplaying the global health concern, 2019-nCov Novel CoronaVirus on the new strain of CoronaVirus, he seemed unaware that all Asian countries blocked off or sent back visitors from China.Malaysia relied totally on WHO report and only reacted upon knowledge they erred in their earlier report.Even so, government only blocked visitors from Wuhan and the province of Hubei, but not for all China tourists. The ban was only done after China stopped its people from travelling out.Countries as far away as US and Europe had their companies temporarily shutdown operations and rescue mission sent to bring out its citizen.Malaysia has not done so on its citizen and a student that called for help on social media.Failure to communicateThe financial media and journals are clamoring to report on the economic impact of the CoronaVirus. Yet Azmin could take a cautious stance and even Sinar Harian headlined it as no impact on the economy.EdgeDaily today reported the rising death toll has unnerved markets as to its economic implication. Due to the present size of the China economy, the outbreak could potentially trigger a global recession. How could Azmin be so obtused to make such claims just to appease the public?Stock market across the region yesterday tumbled and Kuala Lumpur itself dropped 21 points. CPO down by RM200 per tonne. China shutdown market to prevent a sell-off yesterday.Experts are of the view that the Wuhan CoronaVirus could have potential global economic impact.Azmin should stop being horsed in or now horsing around.This is not the days a product of secondary school St Micheal Institution, Alor Setar, could dominate over the national psyche and public opinion through complete control of information flow and abundant manipulating of news report.A crisis is not a time to be funny. It was obvious at yesterday's PC that Dr Dzulkifli Ahmad was smiling at Mohammaddin.Even shameless Lim Guan Eng blasted him for talking of money at a time lives is at stake.DeathtollThe CoronaVirus had evolved into a full outbreak within practically days. The first reported incident was on December 6th and Wuhan authority issued an urgent notice on December 30th.According to Statistica.com, the new strain of virus is not fully ascertain yet. However, the two earlier outbreaks from two strains of Coronavirus in Saudi Arabia and China were deadly.The current strain has a deadly impact on the brain of its victim. It could spread through coughing and sneezing before the person is ascertained as inflicted with the virus.And, International Business Times reported below:Scientists in the China, Hong Kong and the United States are racing to develop a vaccine against the raging Novel coronavirus (2019-nCov) outbreak ravaging mainland China. This fast-spreading disease on Wednesday (China time) exceeded the 2002-2003 SARS epidemic in the total number of confirmed cases in mainland China.This horrific milestone testifies to the unnerving speed -- mostly through person-to-person contact -- at which 2019-nCoV is spreading on the mainland. The first case of this new virus (also called the Wuhan coronavirus) was reported only on Dec. 1, 2019. Others say the date is December 8.The official casualty count as of 11:30 a.m. Hong Kong time Wednesday came to 6,061 cases and 132 deaths (all inside China). In contrast, the SARS outbreak from November 2002 to July 2003 infected 5,327 people in mainland China and killed 349 others, according to World Health Organization (WHO) data. The new 2019-nCoV outbreak achieved this grisly toll in only nine weeks compared to the nine months it took for SARS to attain the same result.More on the research in NY Times HERE.Defending indefensibleLast night, PPBM social media troopers was still at it to downplay the epidemic in their defense of their stubborn leader to ignore 5 million Wuhan residents was reported to have left the city before the lockdownThey were asking has there been any reported death in Malaysia as there should be casualties before action be done.The government even resorted to threaten social media commentators viraling what is generally media reports from bonafide and reputable media companies.Ironically, PH Ministers were giving standard and cliche reassuring statements. Malaysia has the experience in crisis management but the PH government does not have the leadership and decision making ability needed for crisis.Despite there were those that served the BN government, the essential communication was amissed. In fact, PMO statement was defensively justifying their actions to take refuge with WHO.The Prime Minsiter and cabinet members seemed to either not getting proper advise or their recalcitrant attitude is turning off civil servants from giving the full picture of the situation.Whenever anything goes wrong, PH Ministers victimised senior civil servants and accused them of undertaking deepstate operations against them.Word is Mahathir was only made known and impress on to stop visitors from China upon advise from DPM Datin Seri Dr Wan Azizah.She did it at the behest of Dato Seri Anwar Ibrahim to not ignore public concern.HeedlessAs for Azmin, he seemed ignorant and unable to gauge the economic impact. One FaceBooker claimed the true Azmin is unveiling himself.He may have studied Economics up to graduate level but he had all along been more a politician than one with any vocation.At the University of Minnesota, Azmin was the President of the Malaysian Student Association and he used it as platform to rub shoulder with politcians visiting Newe York and Washington.His contribution as Menteri Besar of Selangor was to spend off the reserve built by his predecessor, Tan Sri Khalid Ibrahim to popularise himself, politically.As Economics Minister, he only copycat the Shared Prosperity plan from a United Nation Development Program.Azmin totally missed the economic significance of Wuhan. Taken from the Facebooker:Wuhan is the Chicago of China. It is one of the manufacturing hub of China. The US company Foxcom has a base (near Wuhan in the place worst hit, Chongqing). Its central location makes it the transportation hub of China. It is at the confluence of Yangtze Kiang river and largest tributary, Han River. It is strategically located for China's maritime defense industry.The three gorge dam is near Wuhan. It is populated by the majority ethnic of China, the Han, which is one of the early dynasties of China. It was briefly the capital for China during Kuomintang rule.More on Wikipedia here.On the maritime industry, the China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation (CSIC), one of the two largest shipbuilding conglomorates in China. The inland and access to river transport made its Wuhan facilities strategically located to serve the defense industry. The US is known to conduct and develop biological warfare. There was a pandemic simulation conducted by John Hpkins University three months ago. It is perhaps mere conspiracy theory, but the hit at Wuhan is strategic and impactful that Business Insider column view that the lockdown could blow-up the Chinese economy.Could this be another madness of Donald Trump to win the US-China trade war?
Indicators on virus corona pada anjing You Should Know. 	With regards to dogs nevertheless, proudly owning one particular and elevating a single is certainly no proper of humanity. The government does have authority to phase in and defend animals when they Imagine they are increasingly being poorly cared for as well as abused.Despite the fact that Many of us may perhaps look at them for being an inconvenience (and an annoyance into the Puppy), vaccinations are simply just a vital part of sustaining the wellness within your Canine.Dogs is usually allergic to distinct ingredients that can be found in vaccinations. If a vaccination incorporates an component that the Pet is allergic towards your vet will skip this vaccine.We’ll assist you discover the Main vaccinations along with the non-Main kinds, but Have in mind depending on your place specific vaccination can be needed.WHO’s Asia Office environment tweeted this week that “there may now be sustained human-to-human transmission.”Should you read through the vile of serum it states that it may possibly only be utilised on healthful animals. Given that your companion is struggling from liver destruction I might take into consideration that an harmful ailment. If you are expected by law to administer a vaccine there may be a waiver exempting you from doing so.I like how you described that vaccinations are intended to guard your Pet towards an array of health problems. My brother is going to get a Canine but he would not know very well what vaccinations are needed for a puppy. I'll share this text with him so He's conscious of the vaccinations wanted in a very Pet.I have an understanding of wanting to Get the pet vaccinated but has any person essentially browse the research that exhibit vaccines can and possess brought on most cancers in each dogs and people. Human beings are in existence for more than one million decades. If vaccination was an integral Component of our evolution or survival we might have been extinct yrs back. Modern day medicine appears to be very archaic by working versus the immune process as opposed to working Corona Virus Death in collaboration with animal or human immune techniques.Bear in mind older cats are more proof against a Coronavirus an infection than the usual new kitten. Bringing in an more mature cat has fewer chance and is frequently a greater possibility., S and N in the strains suggested that all three genotypes are in all probability dispersed globally. Investigation of a single gene isn't sufficient for genotyping of HCoV-HKU1, but would involve sequencing of no less than Corona Virus Protection two gene loci, a person from nsp10 to nsp16, for instance polBe sure to study some publications about evolution, specially kinds not written by Christian “scientists.”nine % likelihood of getting FIP. Diagnosing the dry method of the Corona Virus Death disease is even more challenging, often requiring biopsy of impacted organs.Considering that 2004, there haven't been any known instances Corona Virus Death of SARS documented anywhere on this planet. For more information on SARS:Vaccines will not be a alternative for vigilance, but they are a significant part of your dog’s Health Germ Masks care.
ARTS AND CULTURE IMPACTED BY CORONA VIRUS. 	"The Boston Symphony Orchestra has cancelled its coming tour of Asia amid concerns about the deadly corona virus in China.
The orchestra’s CEO said the decision was made out of concern for the health and well-being of its musicians. The four city tour was scheduled across South Korea, Taiwan and Hong Kong next month. The orchestra joins a growing list of arts, sports and cultural events that have been cancelled across the China as over 50 million people remain under a government lock down. Post navigation Shen Yun 2020
Zoomer Radio is the official radio sponsor of the all-new “Shen Yun 2020” at The Living Arts Centre in Mississauga on January 8 to 12 and the Four Seasons Centre in Toronto from March 24 to 29. Shen Yun is an unmatched theatrical experience that takes you on a journey to discover 5,000 years of wisdom, beauty, drama and humour live on stage with a full orchestra.
For tickets go to shenyun.com Jan 8 MOTHER'S DAUGHTER
January 14 to February 9 Keep your enemies close, and your family closer. The Tudor throne is empty, and three would-be Queens contend for the crown. Sisters turn against each other in a deadly struggle that threatens to tear the country apart. With Hennig’s trademark style and wit, the story of ‘Bloody Mary’ becomes a thrilling contemporary exploration of women and power."
HealthLynked Corp. Posts Realtime Corona Virus Tracker on Its Website. 	"HealthLynked Corp. (OTCQB: HLYK), a nationwide healthcare network focused on care management of its members and a provider of healthcare technologies that connects doctors, patients and medical data today announced that to help its members keep track of the deadly corona virus epidemic, it has provided a GEO tracker of cases reported by the World Health Organization (""WHO"") in the US and worldwide.
The company plans to release an updated version this month that will allow members to report symptoms and provide a way for the public to more closely track symptoms, areas of potential exposure, confirmed cases, deaths and recovered cases, and track the outbreak so that they can better prepare and protect themselves from exposure.
The first infection with 2019-nCoV in the United States was reported on January 21, 2020 . The current count of cases of infection with 2019-nCoV in the United States and globally can be monitored at www.healthlynked.com/corona-virus-tracker .
About the Corona Virus:
The 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is a new virus that causes respiratory illness in people and can spread from person-to-person. This virus originated in Wuhan , China and likely originally emerged from an animal source but now seems to be spreading from person-to-person. It is important to note that person-to-person spread can happen on a continuum. Some viruses are highly contagious (like measles), while other viruses are less so.
At this time, it is unclear how easily this virus is spreading between people, but concerns are that individuals that are infected can spread the virus before symptoms occur and after they have recovered. You can learn more of what is known about the spread of newly emerged coronaviruses at
https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/about/transmission.html .
The greatest risk of infection is for people in China or people who have traveled to China . Risk of infection is dependent on exposure. Patients with 2019-nCoV have reportedly had mild to severe respiratory illness with symptoms of: fever, cough and shortness of breath with many patients having developed pneumonia in both lungs.
The best way to prevent infection is to avoid being exposed to this virus. There are simple everyday preventive actions to help prevent the spread of respiratory viruses, including the following:
Avoid close contact with people who are sick. Avoid touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands. Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. Use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol if soap and water are not available. If you are sick, to keep from spreading respiratory illness to others, you should:
Stay home when you are sick. Cover your cough or sneeze with a tissue, then throw the tissue in the trash. Clean and disinfect frequently touched objects and surfaces. If you were in China within the past 14 days and feel sick with fever, cough, or are having difficulty breathing, you should get medical care. Call the office of your health care provider before you go and tell them about your recent travels and your symptoms. They will give you instructions on how to get care without exposing other people to your illness. While sick, avoid contact with people, don't go out and delay any travel to reduce the possibility of spreading illness to others.
There is currently no vaccine to protect against 2019-nCoV. The best way to prevent infection is to avoid being exposed to this virus.
Dr. Michael Dent , HealthLynked CEO stated ""The Corona Virus infection is a global health crisis and helping identify individuals who have been exposed to the virus and can infect others is the primary method to prevent further spread. The WHO provides updated statistics on new confirmed infections. So far in the US there are only 8 confirmed cases, but concerns are high that the virus will spread in the US as it has in China. We strongly encourage everyone to create a free HealthLynked profile so that they have easy access to their medical information in case they require medical attention.""
""Wearing a protective mask is one way to reduce exposure to airborne virus and they are in short supply. They are currently available online at MedOfficeDirect ( www.medofficediret.com ) our online medical supply partner.""
About HealthLynked Corp.
HealthLynked Corp. provides a solution for both patient members and providers to improve healthcare through the efficient exchange of medical information. The HealthLynked Network is a cloud-based platform that allows members to connect with their healthcare providers and take more control of their healthcare. Members enter their medical information, including medications, allergies, past surgeries and personal health records, in one convenient online and secure location, free of charge. Participating healthcare providers can connect with their current and future patients through the system. Benefits to in-network providers include the ability to utilize the HealthLynked patent pending patient access hub ""PAH"" for patient analytics. Other benefits for preferred providers include HLYK marketing tools to connect with their active and inactive patients to improve patient retention, access more accurate and current patient information, provide more efficient online scheduling and to fill last minute cancelations using our ""real time appointment scheduling"" all within our mobile application. Preferred providers pay a monthly fee to access these HealthLynked services. For additional information about HealthLynked Corp. visit www.healthlynked.com and connect with HealthLynked on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn.
Forward Looking Statements
Forward-Looking Statements in this press release, which are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results, including as a result of any acquisitions, performance or achievements may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""may,"" ""could,"" ""expect,"" ""intend,"" ""plan,"" ""seek,"" ""anticipate,"" ""believe,"" ""estimate,"" ""predict,"" ""potential,"" ""continue,"" ""likely,"" ""will,"" ""would"" and variations of these terms and similar expressions, or the negative of these terms or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by our management, and us are inherently uncertain. We caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which are made as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any of these forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, new information or future events, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward looking statements, except to the extent required by applicable laws. If we update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. Certain risks and uncertainties applicable to our operations and us are described in the ""Risk Factors"" section of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other filings we have made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are available at www.sec.gov .
Contacts:
George O'Leary
 Chief Financial Officer
goleary@healthlynked.com
 (800) 928-7144, ext. 99
Investor Relations Contacts :
Stephanie Prince
PCG Advisory Group
sprince@pcgadvisory.com
+1 646-762-4518
Jim Hock
Hanover International Inc.
jh@hanoverintlinc.com
+1 760-564-7400"
Vir Biotechnology Identifies Two Antibodies That Bind to the Spike Protein of 2019-nCoV, Newly Named as SARS-CoV-2. 	"Vir Biotechnology , Inc. (Nasdaq: VIR), a clinical-stage immunology company focused on immune approaches to treating and preventing serious infectious diseases, today announced that it has identified two monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) that bind to SARS-CoV-2 (previously known as “2019-nCoV”), which were originally found because they bind and neutralize the original SARS-CoV. The antibodies target the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein in the region that the virus uses to enter cells through the cellular receptor ACE2. Infection with SARS-CoV-2 causes the newly named disease, Covid-19.
“We are in the process of assessing neutralization with a pseudo-virus,” said George Scangos, Ph.D., CEO of Vir. “In addition, we are working with international partners to assess the capacity of these antibodies to neutralize the live virus, SARS-CoV-2.”
The company is moving ahead with research to determine if its antibodies, or additional antibodies that it may be able to identify, can be effective as treatment and/or prophylaxis against SARS-CoV-2. To that end, the company is exploring collaborations with a number of other companies and governmental agencies. Amongst these are specific efforts at accessing manufacturing capacity globally.
“We are pleased that, using the same platform that was used to isolate mAb114 which has proven to be active against Ebola, we have quickly identified antibodies with potential biological activity against SARS-CoV-2,” said Herbert “Skip” Virgin, M.D., Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer, Vir. “We are working as rapidly as possible and look forward to sharing more information as we have it.”
Vir identified these antibodies from an existing library of 20 fully human antibodies that bind and neutralize related coronaviruses, such as SARS-CoV and coronaviruses that infect animals. This library was built through a robust method for capitalizing on unusually successful immune responses naturally occurring in people who are protected from, or have recovered from, infectious diseases, including those caused by rapidly evolving and/or previously untreatable pathogens.
Antibody-based therapies are different from vaccines and have distinct attributes that may make them potentially valuable, particularly in pandemic settings: Antibodies can be therapeutic and prophylactic, meaning they can be used as a treatment for people who have been infected and can also protect people who have been, or may be, exposed to infection. Whereas a vaccine requires an individual to make an immune response, which can take weeks and be insufficient, an antibody provides the immune response, which can be effective within hours of injection and is not dependent upon the individual making an immune response to the pathogen. Antibodies can be engineered to have an extended half-life of several months or more.
Vir is investigating other approaches to identify additional potential therapies for SARS-CoV-2. In addition to testing these two antibodies, the company is also exploring the isolation of new antibodies specific for this virus using its antibody technology platform. These efforts may allow additional approaches to address this rapidly emerging public health epidemic.
About Vir’s Antibody Platform Vir has a robust method for capitalizing on unusually successful immune responses naturally occurring in people who are protected from, or have recovered from, infectious diseases. The platform is used to identify rare antibodies from survivors that have the potential to treat and prevent rapidly evolving and/or previously untreatable pathogens via direct pathogen neutralization and immune system stimulation. Vir engineers the fully human antibodies that it discovers to enhance their therapeutic potential. This platform has been used to identify and develop antibodies for pathogens including Ebola (mAb114, currently in use in the Democratic Republic of Congo), hepatitis B virus, influenza A, malaria, and others.
About Vir Biotechnology Vir Biotechnology is a clinical-stage immunology company focused on combining immunologic insights with cutting-edge technologies to treat and prevent serious infectious diseases. Vir has assembled four technology platforms that are designed to stimulate and enhance the immune system by exploiting critical observations of natural immune processes. Its current development pipeline consists of five product candidates targeting hepatitis B virus, influenza A, human immunodeficiency virus and tuberculosis. For more information, please visit www.vir.bio.
Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “potential” and similar expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on Vir’s expectations and assumptions as of the date of this press release. Each of these forward-looking statements involves risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release include statements regarding the company’s efforts to neutralize the SARS-CoV-2 virus and identify additional potential therapies for SARS-CoV-2, and its ability to address the emerging public health epidemic. Many factors may cause differences between current expectations and actual results including unexpected safety or efficacy data observed during preclinical or clinical studies, challenges in neutralizing SARS-CoV-2, difficulty in collaborating with other companies or government agencies, and challenges in accessing manufacturing capacity within China. Other factors that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements in this press release are discussed in Vir’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the section titled “Risk Factors” contained therein. Except as required by law, Vir assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations, even as new information becomes available. "
A Look at USA 2009 H1N1 Virus Compared to China 2020 Corona Virus : Vicious, Political & Xenophobic Racist Attacks Against China Needs To Stop. 	"When the United States 2009 H1N1 swine flu emerged, an international emergency, a declared global pandemic, it eventually infected 60 million and initially killed a minimum of 18,449 cases that year. But the final story of the H1N1 global pandemic was far worse than that, with close to 300,000 deaths, according to the final tallies in 2012 reported by the CDC, as you will read below. Which is why I am scratching my head at how bizarrely negative forces are attacking China and Chinese people as it engages a remarkably aggressive front addressing this Corona virus outbreak which started in Wuhan, central China. I am forced to ask and answer a few questions. During 2009 H1N1 outbreak, I don't recall xenophobic anti-America attacks across the globe, do you? In fact, do you recall it took six months for the U.S. to declare a national emergency? Did any government from the onset in April 2009 through the end in April 2010, including the month of June, when H1N1 was declared an international emergency global pandemic, then send out a notice to its citizens that they should leave the United States? Close their borders to American travelers? Nope, not a peep. Like I said, something's not right, folks. I am reading hateful vicious attacks on the Chinese government for their supposed intentional conspiracy to intentionally under report the number of infections, yet that is exactly and always the case with such flu outbreaks no matter what country and the CDC reports illustrate that crystal clear. The U.S. H1N1 swine flu numbers were vastly underestimated and updated three years later, because dear friends, that is the nature of such viral outbreaks which don't care which country they started in. There is never enough man power, there are never enough test kits, there is never enough medicine or medical supplies. China is not trying to hide these hardships, they are well known, they are being reported on the news daily in China. There are always people who die, thousands of them whom we'll never know if they actually died because of a particular virus. Those are the facts, not any problem unique to China's healthcare system or government. Its not a conspiracy, its just tragedy. According to the June 27, 2012 research report followup three years later, it gets much more disturbing when you learn about the CDC's final estimate of the H1N1 virus global death toll. You and I find at this at this article at the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy website, the CDC's 18,449 total deaths number was ""...regarded as WELL BELOW THE TRUE TOTAL, mainly because many people who die of flu-related causes are not tested for the disease."" So during the 2009 outbreak, was anyone accusing the American medical and government authorities of hiding the numbers? Were Americans with hidden cameras strolling into the Mayo Clinic to PROVE how many people were really dying? The absurdity of these vicious attacks are that whether or not a person specifically does have the Corona virus or some other viral bug presenting as pneumonia, the treatment is the same supportive treatment anyway. Something's not right here folks. The world should be applauding China's unprecedented, broad, aggressive response. (WHO officials and many other government and healthcare officials across the globe are.) I am on the ground here in China READ IT HERE watching with my own eyes and it is quite incredible by any measure, not to mention an enormous economic sacrifice. Instead of looking at the will of an entire system of government acting faster than any other government on the planet could, we are one month later, still busy bashing a few local government officials in Wuhan who should have told us a couple weeks sooner. And yes, that is true those local officials screwed up. And by the way, those officials are in deep trouble for it. Just like the recent Puerto Rican politicians who are in trouble when we learned they didn't distribute hurricane emergency supplies that were sent to them to help during last year's terrible hurricane. A disgrace. Individual people screw up all the time and hopefully justice gets served later, but that's not an indictment of an entire country's government. Secondly, on this point, every provincial government has sent out a notice to its government officials pretty much saying that if they are stupid enough to do the same, they will face the wrath of harsh punishment. I don't doubt it for a moment. Lets contrast to what countless western politicians have gotten away with and remain in office to remind all of us that human error, stupidity and greed is not unique to any particular skin color or race or country. ""What about..."" reactions don't help. And here's the mic drop for you: ""The CDC researchers estimate that the H1N1 2009 pandemic virus caused 201,200 respiratory deaths and another 83,300 deaths from cardiovascular disease associated with H1N1 infections."" Total: 284,000 deaths. Shocking, isn't it? Was there a travel ban for any length of time to and from the United States? Did China, Germany, Japan or any other country close their border to American travelers? Today I noticed in the updates that following the United States Department of State policy suggesting U.S. citizens leave China, the United Kingdom embassy just released the same recommendation to subjects of the kingdom. In 2009, did UK subjects in America get a notice from their kingdom to leave America? No. Did the world suggest we isolate from America? Close the U.S. borders!? No. Did Americans get xenophobically attacked and targeted by anti-American sentiments like the Chinese are experiencing now? Um, no. Fascinating and disturbing to say the least. If you're an expat currently in China, unless you're in Wuhan, fact is that you're most likely safer and more peaceful and more stable by simply staying put than by leaving right now. You couldn't be safer than in this country, where almost everyone is staying home and dutifully isolating themselves with awareness. Not to mention that the Chinese government's decision to safeguard the society, the families, the people, is coming at a devastating economic cost in the hundreds of billions. I have a friend in Mesa, Arizona. He told me earlier that the big popular China City buffet, a huge busy place, has no customers. Does that make any sense at all? Let's test our ability to reason, to be rational: If you were in Miami and you heard that there was a virus outbreak that started in Milan, in central Italy, would you cancel your dinner reservation at the Italian restaurant that night in South Beach? No. Would you buy a pizza next week at Joey's Pizzeria in Delray Beach? If you were in Singapore and you heard there was a virus outbreak in Dallas, Texas in the central United States, would you stop going to your favorite local Texas southern BBQ restaurant with the owner from Houston, in Singapore? Would you avoid olive-skinned dark-haired Italian-looking people on the street in Chicago? Would you avoid big guys wearing cowboy hats, cuz they're obviously from Texas in Singapore cuz there's a virus in Dallas and they might have just gotten off the plane? There's a strange senseless bullying extremism and activism in today's society and you should do your best to avoid it and not be a part of it. It is fomented by a small group of extremist activists while definitely not supported by your average mainstream person who is simply exhausted by their outrage-inducing antics. Finally, here are some straight up, sensible accurate descriptions of this Corona virus which started in Wuhan, China. Its not called the China virus and neither was H1N1 called the America virus. Whether two weeks or two months from now, this flu season type virus will have passed and the joy of Spring will have arrived. Just like every flu season. However, don't misunderstand me. The extra caution and the remarkable response by the Chinese governments and people together to quell the spread of this virus was warranted because, yes it is correct that this corona virus is nastier than the usual annual flu bug, as was H1N1 in 2009. As of now, what we can confidently note the following regarding this Corona virus: This Corona virus is highly contagious, it spreads quite easily. It binds to lung tissue and so in particular, likes to cause pneumonia, that's what infection of lung tissue is. That's more severe than a respiratory infection which is only in your throat or bronchial tubes. The Corona virus currently has a 2% death rate. That's a lot higher, around 20x higher, than a more typical annual flu virus with a death rate of 0.1%. However, a 2% death rate is still much lower by comparison to the SARS virus which had a 9% death rate or the MERS virus with a really nasty 37% death rate. The Corona virus is causing severe symptoms in 10-15% of cases. 80% to 90% of deaths from this virus are happening in elderly patients, mostly with other existing health problems, not younger people. That characteristic by the way, is in contrast to the America 2009 H1N1 swine flu virus which in fact had a higher death rate amongst younger people including children rather than those over 60 years old. China identified and shared the Corona virus genome in record times, in only days and of course, immediately shared it with all international health and disease organizations. Medical researchers are already discovering that certain existing anti-viral medications seem to be effective against this Corona virus. Its impossible not to marvel at China's broad and aggressive domestic response directed by the provincial level governments to restrict movement, restrict transportation, restrict business for a period of time combined with the voluntary dutiful cooperation of its 1.3 billion citizens who are in the majority quietly staying at home these weeks to let the virus pass; this model response is already being hailed by the international community as a remarkable unprecedented response setting a new standard in understanding what is possible for future outbreaks in whatever country they may occur. Is it inconvenient and costly. You bet. Like I said, something's not right with the way humanity is responding to what's happening here. I haven't put my finger on it because well, its certainly complex and the world is upside down in many other ways that I also can't for the life of me understand or explain without ending up writing a very thick book. But I do know this: It needs to stop. This vicious, political, xenophobic racist attacks and smearing of all things China needs to stop. Its really not helping anyone in the political corridors of Washington nor is it doing anything to help the man on the street who is just concerned with taking care of his family. My family is originally from the Basilicata region of Italy, the little hillside Italian towns of Potenza and also, Grottola, which is just outside of Matera. They left their home country and moved to America where I was born, in Yonkers, New York. America became their home and it was my home until I left, too. Now over two decades ago, I left the United States, the country I was born in, the country that has plenty to admire and plenty to improve. But I left and I came to China and now China is my home. If you had asked me thirty years ago if this was my life plan on planet earth, I would have said you were nuts or a really bad fortune teller. But that's how it has turned out. I am truly blessed with my lovely Chinese wife and our family living here in Shenyang in China's northeast. You get my meaning? I am a mature adult like many with the powers of observation. I can easily see that whether we are talking about China or the United States or any other country, their societies and their governments have good points and bad points. The xenophobia needs to stop now. Whether in a couple of weeks or months later, this nasty flu type Corona virus will begin declining and the joy of Spring will arrive. Between now and then if you don't have anything good, anything supportive to say about China or Chinese people, how about you just keep your mouth shut. Mario Cavolo, Shenyang."
THE CORONA VIRUS: RACISM, TRADE WAR, NO CIVIL LIBERTIES?. 	The talk du jour these days is the corona virus that is supposed to be spreading exponentially from its discovery in China about a month ago. The news is it has killed hundreds and infected tens of thousands. The Chinese Government is accused of being sluggish in response. Its ubiquitous President Xi Jinping has said nary a word, at least, according to the US media that dominates our information systems. In The Bahamas we have banned travelers who have come in from China and who have come in from the last 20 days. They grab you at the airport and perhaps at the seaport ( it’s not clear) and put you in a quarantine, a secret place where you are to be isolated for 14 days. Bahamians in China in Wuhan in particular felt trapped because the Bahamas government has not put them on planes to get them out. Although when they were first asked by the Bahamas press they said they were fine. Then there was the news that a ship just out from The Bahamas had 4 Chinese on board and when it got back to New Jersey in the states they had the cold and so the ship was quarantined indefinitely is seems until they can sort that out. According to Dr. Duane Sands, the Minister of Health the ship never came here. But the Bahamas Press website says that Dr. Sands doesn’t know that Coco Cay where the ship came, is actually in The Bahamas. (Roll your eyes). Anyway there is madness and hysteria going on about this virus. That’s the point here and it seems like overkill. Although with health, people say you cannot be too careful. Not being too careful now means this: the civil liberties of citizens are taken away for 14 days and maybe more in secret detention; travelers are being banned so the Chinese owner of Bahamar for example was fobbed off to land in Haiti because when The Bahamas heard that his plane had been in China, the authorities here would not give him permission to land. The United States is the best though. They have stopped flights to China and they have stopped flights from China and they have banned people from coming in from China. So you know what that means, commerce stops. Hmmm! Could it just be that this is part of the trade war with the Chinese. What a wonderful cover to crimp the Chinese economy and the competition by simply blaming the virus. Just saying. The Bahamas must be rational and not be racist. So Brian Wong, the President of the Chinese Bahamian Association has already reported that there are racist things being said on social media about Chinese food places and establishments. Just saying be careful in all of this, we don’t go over the top for something which in the end turns out to have been a scare but a manageable one.
New corona virus strain fills lungs with fluid. 	"Hyderabad: The new strain of corona virus found recently in China affects the lungs and causes acute respiratory distress syndrome according to pulmonologists who are following the case. This causes lungs to fill with fluid and air is not able to get in.
Dr C. Vijay Kumar, senior pulmonologist at Apollo Hospitals, says the treated cases have shown that the impact on the lungs is severe. 'The virus is found to attack the lungs faster than expected from the group of corona viruses. This indicates that the virus is virulent in nature,' he said.
Corona viruses are zoonotic which means that they are transmitted from animals to humans. This large family of viruses cause illnesses ranging from the common cold to severe pneumonia. It can also lead to death. Corona viruses mutate for survival and they look for favourable conditions where they can survive.
The SARS CoV was transmitted from civet cats to humans, MERS-CoV was from dromedary camels to humans and H1N1 virus came from the intestines of pigs. There are several viruses in the bodies of animals but they do not infect humans.
Many corona viruses are also self-limiting in nature. It is only those that undergo mutation that are a cause of worry. The cycle of mutation is noted every three to four years.
Every year, there is a new strain of virus and the vaccination schedule is based on these strains. While vaccination is a protection it is not completely so as its efficacy is only between 60 to 70 per cent.
Since the last five years it has been found that flu vaccinations are not working as required as there are many different strains of viruses around.
Dr Mehboob Khan, superintendent of Chest Hospital explained, 'Why do we need to know the strain of the virus? Because the strain helps us decide on the medications that are to be used. Common flu has a single medicine which works for all. But if there is a new strain or a mutated strain, the existing medicines will require different combinations to control spread of the virus in the body.'
When the human body is infected, the immune system fights the virus. While the immune system is engaged with the virus, dormant bad bacteria in the lungs get active and they attack the body.
The virus is self-limiting and will die, and it is the bacteria which creates secondary infection like lung collapse, kidney damage or multi-organ failure leading to death.
"
How to track corona virus updates online?. 	Each Little Things coronavirus How to track corona virus updates online? How to track corona virus updates online? February 08, 2020 coronavirus What is coronavirus? Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses found in both animals and humans. Some infect people and are known to cause illness ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases such as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). How Dangerous is it? As with other respiratory illnesses, infection with 2019-nCoV can cause mild symptoms including a runny nose, sore throat, cough, and fever. It can be more severe for some persons and can lead to pneumonia or breathing difficulties. More rarely, the disease can be fatal. Older people and people with pre-existing medical conditions (such as diabetes and heart disease) appear to be more vulnerable to becoming severely ill with the virus. What can I do to protect myself? Stay aware of the latest information on the outbreak, available on the WHO website, and take care of your health by doing the following: Wash your hands frequently with soap and water or use an alcohol-based hand rub if your hands are not visibly dirty Why? Washing your hands with soap and water or using an alcohol-based hand rub eliminates the virus if it is on your hands. Maintain social distancing – maintain at least 1 metre (3 feet) distance between yourself and other people, particularly those who are coughing, sneezing and have a fever. Why? When someone who is infected with respiratory diseases, like 2019-nCoV, coughs or sneezes they project small droplets containing the virus. If you are too close, you can breathe in the virus. Avoid touching eyes, nose and mouth Why? Hands touch many surfaces which can be contaminated with the virus. If you touch your eyes, nose or mouth with your contaminated hands, you can transfer the virus from the surface to yourself. If you have fever, cough and difficulty breathing, seek medical care early. Tell your health care provider if you have travelled in an area in China where 2019-nCoV has been reported, or if you have been in close contact with someone with who has travelled from China and has respiratory symptoms. Why? Whenever you have fever, cough and difficulty breathing it’s important to seek medical attention promptly as this may be due to a respiratory infection or other serious condition. Respiratory symptoms with fever can have a range of causes, and depending on your personal travel history and circumstances, 2019-nCoV could be one of them. If you have mild respiratory symptoms and no travel history to or within China, carefully practice basic respiratory and hand hygiene and stay home until you are recovered, if possible. Should I wear a mask to protect myself?
Corona Virus Uncertainty Clouds Mobile World Congress. 	"Corona Virus Uncertainty Clouds Mobile World Congress [Updated] Corona Virus Uncertainty Clouds Mobile World Congress advertisement by Farai Mudzingwa ( @FariM9 )
With companies withdrawing from this year’s Mobile World Congress left, right and centre, it was only a matter of time before hosting the event would be deemed irresponsible. In fact, the feeling was that the event would be cancelled when GSMA (the event organisers) held a meeting regarding the fate of the tech event held annually in Barcelona. advertisement
The fate of the event still hangs in the balance with no cancellation being announced despite the fact that the following major exhibitors have already cancelled; Ericsson Intel Mediatek
Bloomberg reports that the absence of Ericsson alone “left a gap bigger than a standard American football field in the conference halls”. advertisement
Spanish health authorities had advised that they saw no reason for the event to be cancelled from a health perspective and preparations are said to be underway until the 14th whilst GSMA monitors and decides on whether they should proceed with the event or not.
Outright cancellation of the event would be a huge blow to GSMA which funds most of its activities from the event. Exhibitors reportedly pay “tens of millions” to exhibit and people in attendance pay around US$872 for the basic admission pass.
Update: The event has been cancelled with organisers believing both the risk posed by the coronavirus along with exhibitors pulling out will mean the event wouldn’t offer much to participants. The CEO of GSMA said it was now impossible to host the event:
Global concern regarding the coronavirus outbreak, travel concern, and other circumstances make it impossible for the GSMA to hold the event. John Hoffman
The show which generates US$516 million and over 14 000 jobs for the Spanish economy will be back in 2021. "
Corona Virus – The African connection. 	"Like every issue of consequence, in our Age of Incomprehension, opinion about the truth concerning the Corona virus outbreak is divided. Either China is taking all prudent steps, the virus, while transmissible, has a low mortality rate and the West, with its travel bans, is over-reacting in a vaguely racist manner, or China has the virus far from contained, we don’t know just how transmissible it is nor its mortality rate because the figures from China can’t be trusted and therefore travel bans are a wise precaution.
If travel bans to and from the infected parts of China turn out to have been justified then one country in particular may be worth watching, Ethiopia. Ethiopia’s Bole International airport is the main African gateway to and from China. On average 1500 passengers per day arrive from China every day. Ethiopia scans them all for symptoms which essentially means taking their temperature.
Many of those passengers then fly on to other parts of Africa where Chinese companies are doing business. These are 2018 figures courtesy of Brookings .
"
Was the Wuhan corona-virus made in a Chinese lab?. 	"It is too early to tell. We do not know its origin. We have neither any evidence for nor anything against this claim.
1. First of all: While the question 'as is' misrepresents the origin of the claim:
The Washington Times article just says this:
Coronavirus may have originated in lab linked to China's biowarfare program
That does not say 'the lab made this'! It also does not say that this a lab developing bio-weapons. The article just states that
the institute is linked to Beijing’s covert bio-weapons program. What seems to be known now via genomic sequencing is:
Developing a vaccine for example — whether for 'normal' viral diseases or even for something someone might want to try as a bio-weapon — is not the same as 'making' a weaponised virus.
2. Second, we have limited knowledge about this, and that state is likely to continue for quite some time.
Given what’s known about the pace at which viral genomes mutate, if nCoV had been circulating in humans since significantly before the first case was reported on Dec. 8, the 24 genomes would differ more. Applying ballpark rates of viral evolution, Rambaut estimates that the Adam (or Eve) virus from which all others are descended first appeared no earlier than Oct. 30, 2019, and no later than Nov. 29.
The progenitor virus itself was almost certainly one that circulates harmlessly in bats (as SARS does) but has an “intermediate reservoir” in one or more animals that come into contact with people, Andersen said. Presumably, that reservoir is one of the species of animals at the Wuhan market thought to be ground zero for the outbreak. The ancestor of 2019-nCoV existed in that species for some unknown time, never infecting people, until by chance a single virus acquired a mutation that made it capable of jumping into and infecting humans.
The genome sequences suggest that was a one-time-only jump. “The genomes [from the 24 samples] are very uniform,” Andersen said. “If there had been multiple introductions,” including from many different animals, “there would be more genomic diversity. This was a single introduction.” — Sharon Begley: ""DNA sleuths read the coronavirus genome, tracing its origins and looking for dangerous mutations"" , StatNews, Jan 24, 2020
Whether the Chinese lab in that region is linked to any bio weapons programme is of course a boon for any conspiracy theory. But this is wholly irrelevant zto whether the lab is the source of that outbreak now. Even if there are zero links to 'the military': a lab that studies viruses can leak those viruses.
And that such leak might have occurred is deemed as plausible as the wholesome naturally infected via animal reservoir on the market place or in kitchen.
Conveniently, the Wuhan National Biosafety Laboratory in the centre of the disease outbreak is officially equipped to handle the virus, 'safely':
— Nicoletta Lanese: ""Only one lab in China can safely handle the new coronavirus"" , Live Science, 22 Jan 2020.
Other experts other than the source quoted in the Washington Times article were also not overly excited about that lab:
But worries surround the Chinese lab, too. The SARS virus has escaped from high-level containment facilities in Beijing multiple times, notes Richard Ebright, a molecular biologist at Rutgers University in Piscataway, New Jersey. Tim Trevan, founder of CHROME Biosafety and Biosecurity Consulting in Damascus, Maryland, says that an open culture is important to keeping BSL-4 labs safe, and he questions how easy this will be in China, where society emphasizes hierarchy. “Diversity of viewpoint, flat structures where everyone feels free to speak up and openness of information are important,” he says.
The plan to expand into a network heightens such concerns. One BSL-4 lab in Harbin is already awaiting accreditation; the next two are expected to be in Beijing and Kunming, the latter focused on using monkey models to study disease.
Lina says that China’s size justifies this scale, and that the opportunity to combine BSL-4 research with an abundance of research monkeys — Chinese researchers face less red tape than those in the West when it comes to research on primates — could be powerful. “If you want to test vaccines or antivirals, you need a non-human primate model,” says Lina.
But Ebright is not convinced of the need for more than one BSL-4 lab in mainland China. He suspects that the expansion there is a reaction to the networks in the United States and Europe, which he says are also unwarranted. He adds that governments will assume that such excess capacity is for the potential development of bioweapons.
“These facilities are inherently dual use,” he says. The prospect of ramping up opportunities to inject monkeys with pathogens also worries, rather than excites, him: “They can run, they can scratch, they can bite.”
Trevan says China’s investment in a BSL-4 lab may, above all, be a way to prove to the world that the nation is competitive. “It is a big status symbol in biology,” he says, “whether it’s a need or not.” — David Cyranoski: ""Inside the Chinese lab poised to study world's most dangerous pathogens"" , Nature, 22 February 2017.
That it is a genuine zoonosis was the immediate reaction in expert circles. That it really is 'that' is nowhere confirmed as of now. We know that the Virus was originating from Wuhan, that at least one lab working in that field is there. And that the Wuhan National Laboratory is 'declared safe'. Not more. Accidents and other incidents can happen, and did . Whether one did at this facility remains speculation, but one that is neither proven nor disproven at this time."
